uuid,Acanthamoeba polyphaga mimivirus,Acaryochloris marina,Acetoanaerobium sticklandii,Acetobacter aceti,Acetobacter pasteurianus,Acetobacter persici,Acetobacter pomorum,Acetobacter senegalensis,Acetobacter sp. SLV-7,Acetobacter tropicalis,Acetobacterium woodii,Acetomicrobium mobile,Acholeplasma brassicae,Acholeplasma laidlawii,Acholeplasma oculi,Acholeplasma palmae,Achromobacter denitrificans,Achromobacter insolitus,Achromobacter phage phiAxp-3,Achromobacter sp. AONIH1,Achromobacter spanius,Achromobacter xylosoxidans,Acidaminococcus fermentans,Acidaminococcus intestini,Acidihalobacter prosperus,Acidimicrobium ferrooxidans,Acidiphilium cryptum,Acidiphilium multivorum,Acidipropionibacterium acidipropionici,Acidithiobacillus caldus,Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans,Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans,Acidobacterium capsulatum,Acidothermus cellulolyticus,Acidovorax avenae,Acidovorax citrulli,Acidovorax ebreus,Acidovorax sp. JS42,Acidovorax sp. KKS102,Acidovorax sp. NA2,Acidovorax sp. NA3,Acidovorax sp. P4,Acidovorax sp. RAC01,Acidovorax sp. T1,Acinetobacter baumannii,Acinetobacter bereziniae,Acinetobacter calcoaceticus,Acinetobacter equi,Acinetobacter haemolyticus,Acinetobacter johnsonii,Acinetobacter junii,Acinetobacter lactucae,Acinetobacter larvae,Acinetobacter nosocomialis,Acinetobacter oleivorans,Acinetobacter phage Ac42,Acinetobacter phage Acj61,Acinetobacter phage Acj9,Acinetobacter phage IME_AB3,Acinetobacter phage LZ35,Acinetobacter phage Presley,Acinetobacter phage YMC13/03/R2096,Acinetobacter phage ZZ1,Acinetobacter phage phiAC-1,Acinetobacter phage vB_AbaM_Acibel004,Acinetobacter phage vB_AbaM_phiAbaA1,Acinetobacter phage vB_AbaP_Acibel007,Acinetobacter phage vB_AbaS_TRS1,Acinetobacter pittii,Acinetobacter schindleri,Acinetobacter soli,Acinetobacter sp. ADP1,Acinetobacter sp. LoGeW2-3,Acinetobacter sp. NCu2D-2,Acinetobacter sp. TGL-Y2,Acinetobacter sp. TTH0-4,Acinetobacter virus 133,Acinetobacter virus AB3,Acinetobacter virus AP22,Acinetobacter virus Abp1,Acinetobacter virus Fri1,Acinetobacter virus IME200,Acinetobacter virus PD6A3,Acinetobacter virus phiAB1,Actinoalloteichus hoggarensis,Actinoalloteichus hymeniacidonis,Actinoalloteichus sp. ADI127-7,Actinoalloteichus sp. AHMU CJ021,Actinoalloteichus sp. GBA129-24,Actinobacillus equuli,Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae,Actinobacillus succinogenes,Actinobacillus suis,Actinobacteria bacterium IMCC19121,Actinobacteria bacterium IMCC25003,Actinobacteria bacterium IMCC26077,Actinobacteria bacterium IMCC26256,Actinomyces gaoshouyii,Actinomyces meyeri,Actinomyces oris,Actinomyces pacaensis,Actinomyces radicidentis,Actinomyces sp. Chiba101,Actinomyces sp. VUL4_3,Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 414,Actinomyces virus Av1,Actinoplanes friuliensis,Actinoplanes missouriensis,Actinoplanes sp. N902-109,Actinopolyspora erythraea,Actinosynnema mirum,Actinosynnema pretiosum,Actinotignum schaalii,Adlercreutzia equolifaciens,Advenella kashmirensis,Advenella mimigardefordensis,Aequorivita sublithincola,Aeribacillus pallidus,Aerococcus christensenii,Aerococcus sanguinicola,Aerococcus urinae,Aerococcus urinaeequi,Aerococcus urinaehominis,Aerococcus viridans,Aeromicrobium erythreum,Aeromonas aquatica,Aeromonas caviae,Aeromonas dhakensis,Aeromonas hydrophila,Aeromonas media,Aeromonas phage CC2,Aeromonas phage PX29,Aeromonas phage phiAS5,Aeromonas phage phiAS7,Aeromonas phage vB_AsaM-56,Aeromonas salmonicida,Aeromonas schubertii,Aeromonas sp. ASNIH3,Aeromonas sp. ASNIH5,Aeromonas sp. ASNIH7,Aeromonas sp. CA23,Aeromonas sp. CU5,Aeromonas sp. O23A,Aeromonas veronii,Aeromonas virus 25,Aeromonas virus 65,Aeromonas virus AS4,Aeromonas virus Aes12,Aeromonas virus Aes508,Aeromonas virus phiO18P,Aeropyrum pernix ovoid virus 1,Agarilytica rhodophyticola,Agarivorans gilvus,Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans,Aggregatibacter aphrophilus,Aggregatibacter phage S1249,Agrobacterium fabrum,Agrobacterium phage 7-7-1,Agrobacterium rhizogenes,Agrobacterium sp. H13-3,Agrobacterium sp. RAC06,Agrobacterium tumefaciens,Agrobacterium vitis,Agromyces aureus,Agrotis ipsilon multiple nucleopolyhedrovirus,Agrotis segetum nucleopolyhedrovirus A,Agrotis segetum nucleopolyhedrovirus B,Akkermansia glycaniphila,Akkermansia muciniphila,Alcaligenes faecalis,Alcanivorax borkumensis,Alcanivorax dieselolei,Alcanivorax pacificus,Alcanivorax sp. NBRC 101098,Alcanivorax xenomutans,Algibacter alginicilyticus,Algoriphagus sp. M8-2,Alicycliphilus denitrificans,Alicyclobacillus acidocaldarius,Aliivibrio fischeri,Aliivibrio salmonicida,Aliivibrio wodanis,Alistipes finegoldii,Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii,Alkaliphilus metalliredigens,Alkaliphilus oremlandii,Alkalitalea saponilacus,Alloactinosynnema sp. L-07,Allochromatium vinosum,Alphapapillomavirus 1,Alphapapillomavirus 14,Alphapapillomavirus 2,Alphapapillomavirus 3,Alphapapillomavirus 4,Alphapapillomavirus 6,Altererythrobacter atlanticus,Altererythrobacter dongtanensis,Altererythrobacter epoxidivorans,Altererythrobacter ishigakiensis,Altererythrobacter mangrovi,Altererythrobacter marensis,Altererythrobacter namhicola,Alteromonas addita,Alteromonas australica,Alteromonas macleodii,Alteromonas mediterranea,Alteromonas naphthalenivorans,Alteromonas sp. MB-3u-76,Alteromonas sp. Mac1,Alteromonas sp. RW2A1,Alteromonas stellipolaris,Aminobacter aminovorans,Ammonifex degensii,Amphibacillus xylanus,Amycolatopsis japonica,Amycolatopsis mediterranei,Amycolatopsis methanolica,Amycolatopsis orientalis,Amycolatopsis sp. AA4,Amycolatopsis sp. BJA-103,Anabaena cylindrica,Anabaena sp. 90,Anabaena sp. WA102,Anaerococcus mediterraneensis,Anaerococcus prevotii,Anaerolinea thermophila,Anaerolineaceae bacterium oral taxon 439,Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans,Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5,Anaeromyxobacter sp. K,Anaerostipes hadrus,Anaerotignum propionicum,Aneurinibacillus soli,Aneurinibacillus sp. XH2,Anoxybacillus amylolyticus,Anoxybacillus flavithermus,Anoxybacillus gonensis,Antarctobacter heliothermus,Aquaspirillum sp. LM1,Arachidicoccus sp. BS20,Arcanobacterium haemolyticum,Archangium gephyra,Arcobacter butzleri,Arcobacter nitrofigilis,Arcobacter sp. L,Arcobacter sp. LPB0137,Arenibacter algicola,Aromatoleum aromaticum,Arsenicicoccus sp. oral taxon 190,Arsenophonus symbiont of Lipoptena fortisetosa,Arthrobacter alpinus,Arthrobacter crystallopoietes,Arthrobacter phage vB_ArS-ArV2,Arthrobacter sp. A3,Arthrobacter sp. ATCC 21022,Arthrobacter sp. ERGS1:01,Arthrobacter sp. FB24,Arthrobacter sp. IHBB 11108,Arthrobacter sp. LS16,Arthrobacter sp. PAMC 25486,Arthrobacter sp. QXT-31,Arthrobacter sp. Rue61a,Arthrobacter sp. U41,Arthrobacter sp. YC-RL1,Arthrobacter sp. YN,Arthrobacter sp. ZXY-2,Asaia bogorensis,Aster yellows witches'-broom phytoplasma,Asticcacaulis excentricus,Atopobium parvulum,Aurantimicrobium minutum,Aureimonas sp. AU20,Aureococcus anophagefferens virus,Auricoccus indicus,Autographa californica multiple nucleopolyhedrovirus,Avian endogenous retrovirus EAV-HP,Avian gyrovirus 2,Axonopus compressus streak virus,Azoarcus olearius,Azoarcus sp. BH72,Azoarcus sp. CIB,Azoarcus sp. KH32C,Azoarcus sp. SY39,Azorhizobium caulinodans,Azospira oryzae,Azospirillum brasilense,Azospirillum humicireducens,Azospirillum lipoferum,Azospirillum thiophilum,Azotobacter chroococcum,Azotobacter vinelandii,Bacillus altitudinis,Bacillus amyloliquefaciens,Bacillus anthracis,Bacillus aryabhattai,Bacillus atrophaeus,Bacillus beveridgei,Bacillus bombysepticus,Bacillus cellulosilyticus,Bacillus cereus,Bacillus clausii,Bacillus coagulans,Bacillus cohnii,Bacillus cytotoxicus,Bacillus endophyticus,Bacillus flexus,Bacillus gibsonii,Bacillus glycinifermentans,Bacillus halodurans,Bacillus horikoshii,Bacillus infantis,Bacillus kochii,Bacillus krulwichiae,Bacillus lehensis,Bacillus licheniformis,Bacillus megaterium,Bacillus methanolicus,Bacillus muralis,Bacillus mycoides,Bacillus oceanisediminis,Bacillus paralicheniformis,Bacillus phage 0305phi8-36,Bacillus phage BM5,Bacillus phage Bp8p-T,Bacillus phage Mater,Bacillus phage Moonbeam,Bacillus phage PM1,Bacillus phage PfEFR-5,Bacillus phage SPP1,Bacillus phage vB_BanS-Tsamsa,Bacillus pseudofirmus,Bacillus pumilus,Bacillus safensis,Bacillus siamensis,Bacillus simplex,Bacillus smithii,Bacillus sonorensis,Bacillus sp. 1NLA3E,Bacillus sp. 275,Bacillus sp. ABP14,Bacillus sp. BH072,Bacillus sp. FDAARGOS_235,Bacillus sp. HBCD-sjtu,Bacillus sp. IHB B 7164,Bacillus sp. JS,Bacillus sp. LM 4-2,Bacillus sp. Lzh-5,Bacillus sp. MD-5,Bacillus sp. OxB-1,Bacillus sp. Pc3,Bacillus sp. SDLI1,Bacillus sp. SJ-10,Bacillus sp. WP8,Bacillus sp. X1(2014),Bacillus sp. YP1,Bacillus subtilis,Bacillus thuringiensis,Bacillus toyonensis,Bacillus velezensis,Bacillus virus B103,Bacillus virus BCP78,Bacillus virus Bobb,Bacillus virus Finn,Bacillus virus G,Bacillus virus Grass,Bacillus virus IEBH,Bacillus virus NIT1,Bacillus virus Pascal,Bacillus virus Riggi,Bacillus virus SPG24,Bacillus virus TP21,Bacillus virus TsarBomba,Bacillus virus phi29,Bacillus weihaiensis,Bacillus xiamenensis,Bacteriophage APSE-2,Bacterioplanes sanyensis,Bacteriovorax stolpii,Bacteroidales bacterium CF,Bacteroides caccae,Bacteroides caecimuris,Bacteroides cellulosilyticus,Bacteroides dorei,Bacteroides fragilis,Bacteroides helcogenes,Bacteroides ovatus,Bacteroides phage B124-14,Bacteroides phage B40-8,Bacteroides salanitronis,Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron,Bacteroides vulgatus,Banana streak CA virus,Barnesiella viscericola,Bartonella apis,Bartonella clarridgeiae,Bartonella henselae,Bartonella sp. 1-1C,Basilea psittacipulmonis,Bathycoccus sp. RCC1105 virus BpV,Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus,Bdellovibrio exovorus,Beggiatoa leptomitiformis,Beijerinckia indica,Belliella baltica,Bernardetia litoralis,Betapapillomavirus 1,Betapapillomavirus 2,Betapapillomavirus 3,Betapapillomavirus 4,Betapapillomavirus 5,Betaproteobacteria bacterium GR16-43,Beutenbergia cavernae,Bibersteinia trehalosi,Bifidobacterium actinocoloniiforme,Bifidobacterium adolescentis,Bifidobacterium angulatum,Bifidobacterium animalis,Bifidobacterium asteroides,Bifidobacterium bifidum,Bifidobacterium breve,Bifidobacterium catenulatum,Bifidobacterium choerinum,Bifidobacterium coryneforme,Bifidobacterium dentium,Bifidobacterium indicum,Bifidobacterium kashiwanohense,Bifidobacterium longum,Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum,Bifidobacterium pseudolongum,Bifidobacterium scardovii,Bifidobacterium thermophilum,Blastochloris viridis,Blastococcus saxobsidens,Blastomonas sp. RAC04,Blattabacterium cuenoti,Blattabacterium sp. (Blaberus giganteus),Blattabacterium sp. (Blatta orientalis),Blattabacterium sp. (Blattella germanica),Blattabacterium sp. (Nauphoeta cinerea),Blattabacterium sp. (Periplaneta americana),Blattodean ambidensovirus 1,Blattodean ambidensovirus 2,Blautia hansenii,Blautia sp. YL58,Bombyx mori nucleopolyhedrovirus,Bordetella avium,Bordetella bronchialis,Bordetella bronchiseptica,Bordetella flabilis,Bordetella genomosp. 13,Bordetella genomosp. 6,Bordetella genomosp. 8,Bordetella genomosp. 9,Bordetella hinzii,Bordetella holmesii,Bordetella parapertussis,Bordetella pertussis,Bordetella petrii,Bordetella pseudohinzii,Bordetella sp. H567,Bordetella trematum,Bordetella virus BPP1,Bosea sp. AS-1,Bosea sp. PAMC 26642,Bosea sp. RAC05,Bosea vaviloviae,Bovine associated gemykrogvirus 1,Brachybacterium faecium,Brachybacterium ginsengisoli,Brachybacterium sp. P6-10-X1,Brachybacterium sp. VM2412,Brachybacterium sp. VR2415,Brachyspira hyodysenteriae,Brachyspira intermedia,Brachyspira murdochii,Brachyspira pilosicoli,Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens,Bradyrhizobium icense,Bradyrhizobium japonicum,Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum,Bradyrhizobium sp.,Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,Bradyrhizobium sp. CCGE-LA001,Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,Bradyrhizobium sp. SK17,Brenneria goodwinii,Brevefilum fermentans,Brevibacillus brevis,Brevibacillus formosus,Brevibacillus laterosporus,Brevibacillus phage Jimmer1,Brevibacillus virus Abouo,Brevibacterium linens,Brevundimonas naejangsanensis,Brevundimonas sp. DS20,Brevundimonas sp. GW460-12-10-14-LB2,Brevundimonas sp. LM2,Brevundimonas subvibrioides,Brevundimonas vesicularis,Brochothrix phage A9,Brochothrix phage BL3,Brochothrix phage NF5,Brochothrix thermosphacta,Brucella melitensis,Brucella phage BiPBO1,Brucella pinnipedialis,Brucella sp. 09RB8471,Brucella sp. 09RB8910,Brucella sp. 141012304,Brucella suis,Brucella vulpis,Buchnera aphidicola,Burkholderia ambifaria,Burkholderia cenocepacia,Burkholderia cepacia,Burkholderia contaminans,Burkholderia diffusa,Burkholderia gladioli,Burkholderia glumae,Burkholderia lata,Burkholderia latens,Burkholderia mallei,Burkholderia metallica,Burkholderia multivorans,Burkholderia oklahomensis,Burkholderia phage KL3,Burkholderia phage KS14,Burkholderia plantarii,Burkholderia pseudomallei,Burkholderia pseudomultivorans,Burkholderia pyrrocinia,Burkholderia seminalis,Burkholderia sp. Bp7605,Burkholderia sp. CCGE1001,Burkholderia sp. CCGE1002,Burkholderia sp. CCGE1003,Burkholderia sp. HB1,Burkholderia sp. KJ006,Burkholderia sp. MSMB0266,Burkholderia sp. MSMB0852,Burkholderia sp. MSMB617WGS,Burkholderia sp. OLGA172,Burkholderia sp. PAMC 26561,Burkholderia sp. PAMC 28687,Burkholderia sp. RPE64,Burkholderia sp. RPE67,Burkholderia sp. YI23,Burkholderia stabilis,Burkholderia stagnalis,Burkholderia territorii,Burkholderia thailandensis,Burkholderia ubonensis,Burkholderia vietnamiensis,Burkholderia virus DC1,Burkholderia virus KL1,Burkholderiales bacterium GJ-E10,Burkholderiales bacterium YL45,Butyrivibrio hungatei,Butyrivibrio proteoclasticus,Caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus,Caldilinea aerophila,Caldimicrobium thiodismutans,Calditerrivibrio nitroreducens,Caldithrix abyssi,Calothrix parietina,Calothrix sp. 336/3,Calothrix sp. NIES-2098,Calothrix sp. NIES-3974,Calothrix sp. NIES-4071,Calothrix sp. NIES-4101,Calothrix sp. PCC 7507,Campylobacter avium,Campylobacter coli,Campylobacter concisus,Campylobacter cuniculorum,Campylobacter curvus,Campylobacter fetus,Campylobacter gracilis,Campylobacter helveticus,Campylobacter hominis,Campylobacter hyointestinalis,Campylobacter iguaniorum,Campylobacter jejuni,Campylobacter lanienae,Campylobacter lari,Campylobacter pinnipediorum,Campylobacter sp. NCTC 13003,Campylobacter sp. RM12175,Campylobacter sp. RM8964,Campylobacter sputorum,Campylobacter ureolyticus,Canarypox virus,Candida dubliniensis,Candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis,Candidatus Amoebophilus asiaticus,Candidatus Arthromitus sp. SFB-mouse,Candidatus Arthromitus sp. SFB-rat-Yit,Candidatus Atelocyanobacterium thalassa,Candidatus Azobacteroides pseudotrichonymphae,Candidatus Babela massiliensis,Candidatus Baumannia cicadellinicola,Candidatus Blochmannia chromaiodes,Candidatus Blochmannia pennsylvanicus,Candidatus Carsonella ruddii,Candidatus Cloacimonas acidaminovorans,Candidatus Desulforudis audaxviator,Candidatus Doolittlea endobia,Candidatus Erwinia sp. ErCipseudotaxifoliae,Candidatus Filomicrobium marinum,Candidatus Fonsibacter ubiquis,Candidatus Gullanella endobia,Candidatus Hamiltonella defensa,Candidatus Hoaglandella endobia,Candidatus Ishikawaella capsulata,Candidatus Izimaplasma sp. HR1,Candidatus Koribacter versatilis,Candidatus Kuenenia stuttgartiensis,Candidatus Liberibacter americanus,Candidatus Liberibacter solanacearum,Candidatus Methanomethylophilus alvus,Candidatus Methanoplasma termitum,Candidatus Methylopumilus planktonicus,Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis,Candidatus Mikella endobia,Candidatus Moranella endobia,Candidatus Nanopelagicus abundans,Candidatus Nanopelagicus hibericus,Candidatus Nanopelagicus limnes,Candidatus Nasuia deltocephalinicola,Candidatus Nitrosoglobus terrae,Candidatus Nitrosomarinus catalina,Candidatus Nitrosopelagicus brevis,Candidatus Nitrosotenuis cloacae,Candidatus Nitrosotenuis sp. AQ6f,Candidatus Nitrospira inopinata,Candidatus Nucleicultrix amoebiphila,Candidatus Pantoea carbekii,Candidatus Paracaedibacter acanthamoebae,Candidatus Pelagibacter ubique,Candidatus Planktophila dulcis,Candidatus Planktophila lacus,Candidatus Planktophila limnetica,Candidatus Planktophila sulfonica,Candidatus Planktophila vernalis,Candidatus Planktophila versatilis,Candidatus Portiera aleyrodidarum,Candidatus Promineofilum breve,Candidatus Protochlamydia naegleriophila,Candidatus Puniceispirillum marinum,Candidatus Rhodoluna planktonica,Candidatus Riesia pediculicola,Candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x,Candidatus Sodalis pierantonius,Candidatus Solibacter usitatus,Candidatus Sulcia muelleri,Candidatus Symbiobacter mobilis,Candidatus Thiodictyon syntrophicum,Candidatus Tremblaya princeps,Candidatus Walczuchella monophlebidarum,Candidatus Xiphinematobacter sp. Idaho Grape,Canid alphaherpesvirus 1,Canine papillomavirus 9,Canis familiaris polyomavirus 1,Capnocytophaga canimorsus,Capnocytophaga cynodegmi,Capnocytophaga gingivalis,Capnocytophaga haemolytica,Capnocytophaga leadbetteri,Capnocytophaga ochracea,Capnocytophaga sp. ChDC OS43,Capnocytophaga sp. H2931,Capnocytophaga sp. H4358,Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 323,Capnocytophaga sputigena,Capnocytophaga stomatis,Cardinium endosymbiont of Encarsia pergandiella,Cardiovirus A,Caribou associated gemykrogvirus 1,Carnivore bocaparvovirus 2,Carnobacterium inhibens,Carnobacterium maltaromaticum,Carnobacterium sp. 17-4,Carnobacterium sp. CP1,Castellaniella defragrans,Catenulispora acidiphila,Caulobacter henricii,Caulobacter mirabilis,Caulobacter phage CcrColossus,Caulobacter segnis,Caulobacter sp. K31,Caulobacter vibrioides,Caulobacter virus Rogue,Caulobacteraceae bacterium OTSz_A_272,Cedecea neteri,Celeribacter ethanolicus,Celeribacter indicus,Celeribacter manganoxidans,Celeribacter marinus,Cellulomonas fimi,Cellulomonas flavigena,Cellulomonas gilvus,Cellulomonas sp. PSBB021,Cellulophaga algicola,Cellulophaga baltica,Cellulophaga lytica,Cellulosilyticum lentocellum,Cellulosimicrobium cellulans,Cellulosimicrobium sp. TH-20,Cellvibrio japonicus,Cellvibrio sp. PSBB006,Cellvibrio sp. PSBB023,Cercopithecine betaherpesvirus 5,Chania multitudinisentens,Chelativorans sp. BNC1,Chelatococcus daeguensis,Chelatococcus sp. CO-6,Chipapillomavirus 2,Chipapillomavirus 3,Chitinophaga pinensis,Chitinophagaceae bacterium 13,Chlamydia gallinacea,Chlamydia pecorum,Chlamydia pneumoniae,Chlamydia psittaci,Chlamydia suis,Chlamydia trachomatis,Chloracidobacterium thermophilum,Chlorobaculum limnaeum,Chlorobaculum parvum,Chlorobaculum tepidum,Chlorobium limicola,Chlorobium phaeobacteroides,Chloroflexus aggregans,Chloroherpeton thalassium,Chondrocystis sp. NIES-4102,Chondromyces crocatus,Christensenella massiliensis,Chromatiaceae bacterium 2141T.STBD.0c.01a,Chromobacterium sp. ATCC 53434,Chromobacterium vaccinii,Chromobacterium violaceum,Chromohalobacter salexigens,Chroococcidiopsis thermalis,Chryseobacterium camelliae,Chryseobacterium gallinarum,Chryseobacterium glaciei,Chryseobacterium indologenes,Chryseobacterium piperi,Chryseobacterium sp. IHB B 17019,Chryseobacterium sp. StRB126,Chryseobacterium sp. T16E-39,Chryseobacterium taklimakanense,Chrysochromulina ericina virus,Chrysodeixis chalcites nucleopolyhedrovirus,Chrysodeixis includens nucleopolyhedrovirus,Citrobacter amalonaticus,Citrobacter braakii,Citrobacter farmeri,Citrobacter freundii,Citrobacter freundii complex sp. CFNIH2,Citrobacter freundii complex sp. CFNIH3,Citrobacter freundii complex sp. CFNIH9,Citrobacter koseri,Citrobacter phage CR44b,Citrobacter phage Margaery,Citrobacter phage Michonne,Citrobacter phage SH1,Citrobacter phage SH2,Citrobacter phage SH3,Citrobacter phage SH4,Citrobacter phage phiCFP-1,Citrobacter rodentium,Citrobacter sp. FDAARGOS_156,Citrobacter virus Merlin,Citrobacter virus Moogle,Citrobacter virus Moon,Citrobacter werkmanii,Citromicrobium sp. JL477,Citrus endogenous pararetrovirus,Clavibacter capsici,Clavibacter insidiosus,Clavibacter michiganensis,Clavibacter nebraskensis,Clavibacter phage CN1A,Clavibacter sepedonicus,Cloacibacillus porcorum,Clostridioides difficile,Clostridium aceticum,Clostridium acetobutylicum,Clostridium argentinense,Clostridium autoethanogenum,Clostridium baratii,Clostridium beijerinckii,Clostridium bornimense,Clostridium botulinum,Clostridium butyricum,Clostridium carboxidivorans,Clostridium cellulovorans,Clostridium chauvoei,Clostridium cochlearium,Clostridium estertheticum,Clostridium formicaceticum,Clostridium kluyveri,Clostridium ljungdahlii,Clostridium novyi,Clostridium pasteurianum,Clostridium perfringens,Clostridium phage phi24R,Clostridium phage phiCP7R,Clostridium phage phiCPV4,Clostridium phage phiCT453A,Clostridium phage phiCT453B,Clostridium phage phiCT9441A,Clostridium phage phiZP2,Clostridium saccharobutylicum,Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum,Clostridium scatologenes,Clostridium sp. BNL1100,Clostridium sp. SY8519,Clostridium sporogenes,Clostridium tetani,Clostridium tyrobutyricum,Cnaphalocrocis medinalis granulovirus,Cnuibacter physcomitrellae,Cobetia marina,Collimonas arenae,Collimonas fungivorans,Collimonas pratensis,Collinsella aerofaciens,Columbid alphaherpesvirus 1,Colwellia beringensis,Colwellia psychrerythraea,Colwellia sp. MT41,Colwellia sp. PAMC 20917,Colwellia sp. PAMC 21821,Comamonadaceae bacterium A1,Comamonadaceae bacterium B1,Comamonas kerstersii,Comamonas serinivorans,Comamonas testosteroni,Conexibacter woesei,Confluentimicrobium sp. EMB200-NS6,Coprothermobacter proteolyticus,Coraliomargarita akajimensis,Corallococcus coralloides,Coriobacteriaceae bacterium 68-1-3,Coriobacterium glomerans,Corynebacterium ammoniagenes,Corynebacterium aquilae,Corynebacterium argentoratense,Corynebacterium atypicum,Corynebacterium aurimucosum,Corynebacterium callunae,Corynebacterium camporealensis,Corynebacterium casei,Corynebacterium crudilactis,Corynebacterium cystitidis,Corynebacterium deserti,Corynebacterium diphtheriae,Corynebacterium doosanense,Corynebacterium efficiens,Corynebacterium epidermidicanis,Corynebacterium falsenii,Corynebacterium flavescens,Corynebacterium frankenforstense,Corynebacterium glaucum,Corynebacterium glutamicum,Corynebacterium glyciniphilum,Corynebacterium halotolerans,Corynebacterium humireducens,Corynebacterium imitans,Corynebacterium jeikeium,Corynebacterium kroppenstedtii,Corynebacterium kutscheri,Corynebacterium lactis,Corynebacterium marinum,Corynebacterium maris,Corynebacterium mustelae,Corynebacterium phage BFK20,Corynebacterium phage P1201,Corynebacterium phocae,Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis,Corynebacterium resistens,Corynebacterium simulans,Corynebacterium singulare,Corynebacterium sp. ATCC 6931,Corynebacterium sp. NML98-0116,Corynebacterium sphenisci,Corynebacterium stationis,Corynebacterium striatum,Corynebacterium terpenotabidum,Corynebacterium testudinoris,Corynebacterium ulcerans,Corynebacterium urealyticum,Corynebacterium ureicelerivorans,Corynebacterium uterequi,Corynebacterium variabile,Corynebacterium vitaeruminis,Cotesia congregata bracovirus,Coxiella burnetii,Coxiella-like endosymbiont,Crinalium epipsammum,Croceibacter atlanticus,Croceicoccus marinus,Croceicoccus naphthovorans,Cronobacter condimenti,Cronobacter dublinensis,Cronobacter malonaticus,Cronobacter muytjensii,Cronobacter phage CR5,Cronobacter phage Dev2,Cronobacter phage ENT39118,Cronobacter phage ENT47670,Cronobacter phage S13,Cronobacter phage vB_CsaM_GAP161,Cronobacter phage vB_CsaM_GAP32,Cronobacter phage vB_CsaP_GAP52,Cronobacter phage vB_CskP_GAP227,Cronobacter sakazakii,Cronobacter turicensis,Cronobacter universalis,Cronobacter virus CR3,Cronobacter virus CR8,Cronobacter virus CR9,Cronobacter virus Esp2949-1,Cronobacter virus GAP31,Cronobacter virus PBES02,Cryobacterium arcticum,Cryobacterium sp. LW097,Cryptobacterium curtum,Cupriavidus basilensis,Cupriavidus gilardii,Cupriavidus metallidurans,Cupriavidus necator,Cupriavidus pinatubonensis,Cupriavidus sp. NH9,Cupriavidus sp. USMAA1020,Cupriavidus sp. USMAA2-4,Cupriavidus sp. USMAHM13,Curtobacterium pusillum,Curtobacterium sp. BH-2-1-1,Curtobacterium sp. MR_MD2014,Cutibacterium acnes,Cutibacterium avidum,Cutibacterium granulosum,Cyanobacterium aponinum,Cyanobium gracile,Cyanobium sp. NIES-981,Cyanophage P-RSM1,Cyanophage P-RSM6,Cyanophage Syn30,Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,Cyanothece sp. PCC 7424,Cyanothece sp. PCC 7425,Cyanothece sp. PCC 7822,Cyanothece sp. PCC 8801,Cyanothece sp. PCC 8802,Cyclobacterium amurskyense,Cyclobacterium marinum,Cycloclasticus sp. P1,Cycloclasticus sp. PY97N,Cycloclasticus zancles,Cystobacter fuscus,Cytophaga hutchinsonii,Dactylococcopsis salina,Dechloromonas aromatica,Defluviimonas alba,Defluviitoga tunisiensis,Dehalobacter restrictus,Dehalobacter sp. CF,Dehalobacter sp. DCA,Dehalobacterium formicoaceticum,Dehalococcoides mccartyi,Dehalogenimonas formicexedens,Dehalogenimonas lykanthroporepellens,Deinococcus actinosclerus,Deinococcus deserti,Deinococcus geothermalis,Deinococcus gobiensis,Deinococcus maricopensis,Deinococcus peraridilitoris,Deinococcus proteolyticus,Deinococcus puniceus,Deinococcus radiodurans,Deinococcus soli Cha et al. 2016,Deinococcus swuensis,Delftia acidovorans,Delftia phage IME-DE1,Delftia phage RG-2014,Delftia sp. Cs1-4,Delftia sp. HK171,Delftia tsuruhatensis,Denitrobacterium detoxificans,Denitrovibrio acetiphilus,Dermabacter vaginalis,Dermacoccus nishinomiyaensis,Dermatophilus congolensis,Desulfarculus baarsii,Desulfatibacillum alkenivorans,Desulfitobacterium dehalogenans,Desulfitobacterium dichloroeliminans,Desulfitobacterium hafniense,Desulfitobacterium metallireducens,Desulfobacca acetoxidans,Desulfobacterium autotrophicum,Desulfococcus multivorans,Desulfococcus oleovorans,Desulfohalobium retbaense,Desulfomicrobium baculatum,Desulfomicrobium orale,Desulfomonile tiedjei,Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus,Desulfosporosinus meridiei,Desulfosporosinus orientis,Desulfotomaculum acetoxidans,Desulfotomaculum ferrireducens,Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae,Desulfotomaculum nigrificans,Desulfotomaculum reducens,Desulfotomaculum ruminis,Desulfovibrio africanus,Desulfovibrio alaskensis,Desulfovibrio desulfuricans,Desulfovibrio fairfieldensis,Desulfovibrio magneticus,Desulfovibrio piger,Desulfovibrio sp. G11,Desulfovibrio vulgaris,Desulfurispirillum indicum,Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus,Desulfuromonas soudanensis,Desulfuromonas sp. DDH964,Devosia sp. A16,Devosia sp. H5989,Devriesea agamarum,Dialister pneumosintes,Diaphorobacter polyhydroxybutyrativorans,Dichelobacter nodosus,Dickeya dadantii,Dickeya dianthicola,Dickeya fangzhongdai,Dickeya phage RC-2014,Dickeya solani,Dickeya virus Limestone,Dickeya zeae,Dietzia timorensis,Dinoroseobacter phage DFL12phi1,Dinoroseobacter shibae,Dokdonella koreensis,Dokdonia donghaensis,Dokdonia sp. 4H-3-7-5,Dokdonia sp. MED134,Draconibacterium orientale,Dyadobacter fermentans,Dyella japonica,Dyella jiangningensis,Dyella thiooxydans,Echinicola vietnamensis,Ectothiorhodospira sp. BSL-9,Edwardsiella anguillarum,Edwardsiella hoshinae,Edwardsiella ictaluri,Edwardsiella phage PEi20,Edwardsiella piscicida,Edwardsiella sp. EA181011,Edwardsiella sp. LADL05-105,Edwardsiella tarda,Eggerthella lenta,Eggerthella sp. YY7918,Eikenella corrodens,Elizabethkingia anophelis,Elizabethkingia genomosp. 3,Elizabethkingia genomosp. 4,Elizabethkingia meningoseptica,Elizabethkingia miricola,Ensifer adhaerens,Ensifer sojae,Enterobacter asburiae,Enterobacter cancerogenus,Enterobacter cloacae,Enterobacter cloacae complex 'Hoffmann cluster III',Enterobacter cloacae complex 'Hoffmann cluster IV',Enterobacter cloacae complex sp. 35734,Enterobacter cloacae complex sp. ECNIH7,Enterobacter hormaechei,Enterobacter kobei,Enterobacter ludwigii,Enterobacter phage Arya,Enterobacter phage E-2,Enterobacter phage E-3,Enterobacter phage Tyrion,Enterobacter phage phiEap-2,Enterobacter sp. 638,Enterobacter sp. CRENT-193,Enterobacter sp. Crenshaw,Enterobacter sp. E20,Enterobacter sp. FY-07,Enterobacter sp. HK169,Enterobacter sp. ODB01,Enterobacter sp. R4-368,Enterobacter virus PG7,Enterobacter xiangfangensis,Enterobacteria phage 285P,Enterobacteria phage EcoDS1,Enterobacteria phage HK225,Enterobacteria phage HK542,Enterobacteria phage J8-65,Enterobacteria phage K1F,Enterobacteria phage T3,Enterobacteria phage mEp235,Enterobacteria phage mEp237,Enterobacteria phage phi80,Enterobacteria phage phi92,Enterobacteria phage phiEcoM-GJ1,Enterobacteria phage phiP27,Enterobacteria phage phiX174 sensu lato,Enterobacteria phage vB_KleM-RaK2,Enterobacteriaceae bacterium ENNIH1,Enterobacteriaceae bacterium ENNIH2,Enterobacteriaceae bacterium ENNIH3,Enterobacteriaceae bacterium strain FGI 57,Enterobacterial phage mEp390,Enterococcus casseliflavus,Enterococcus durans,Enterococcus faecalis,Enterococcus faecium,Enterococcus hirae,Enterococcus mundtii,Enterococcus phage ECP3,Enterococcus phage EF62phi,Enterococcus phage EFAP-1,Enterococcus phage EFC-1,Enterococcus phage EFDG1,Enterococcus phage EfaCPT1,Enterococcus phage IME-EFm1,Enterococcus phage IME-EFm5,Enterococcus phage IME_EF3,Enterococcus phage SANTOR1,Enterococcus phage phiFL4A,Enterococcus phage vB_EfaS_IME196,Enterococcus phage vB_EfaS_IME197,Enterococcus sp. CR-Ec1,Enterococcus sp. FDAARGOS_163,Enterococcus sp. FDAARGOS_375,Enterococcus thailandicus,Enterococcus virus FL1,Enterococcus virus FL3,Enterococcus wangshanyuanii,Entomoplasma somnilux,Enzootic nasal tumour virus of goats,Equid gammaherpesvirus 5,Eremothecium gossypii,Erwinia amylovora,Erwinia billingiae,Erwinia gerundensis,Erwinia phage ENT90,Erwinia phage PhiEaH1,Erwinia phage phiEa2809,Erwinia phage phiEaH2,Erwinia phage phiEt88,Erwinia phage vB_EamM-Y2,Erwinia phage vB_EamM_Caitlin,Erwinia phage vB_EamM_ChrisDB,Erwinia phage vB_EamM_EarlPhillipIV,Erwinia phage vB_EamM_Huxley,Erwinia phage vB_EamM_Kwan,Erwinia phage vB_EamM_Phobos,Erwinia phage vB_EamP-L1,Erwinia phage vB_EamP-S6,Erwinia pyrifoliae,Erwinia sp. Ejp617,Erwinia tasmaniensis,Erwinia virus Ea214,Erwinia virus Ea35-70,Erwinia virus Ea9-2,Erwinia virus Frozen,Erysipelothrix larvae,Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae,Erysipelotrichaceae bacterium I46,Erythrobacter atlanticus,Erythrobacter flavus,Erythrobacter gangjinensis,Erythrobacter litoralis,Erythrobacter seohaensis,Escherichia albertii,Escherichia coli,Escherichia fergusonii,Escherichia marmotae,Escherichia phage Av-05,Escherichia phage D108,Escherichia phage ECBP5,Escherichia phage ECML-117,Escherichia phage Envy,Escherichia phage HK639,Escherichia phage HK75,Escherichia phage LM33_P1,Escherichia phage Lw1,Escherichia phage PBECO 4,Escherichia phage PE3-1,Escherichia phage Pollock,Escherichia phage phAPEC8,Escherichia phage phiKT,Escherichia phage slur16,Escherichia phage vB_EcoM_Alf5,Escherichia phage vB_EcoP_GA2A,Escherichia virus 172-1,Escherichia virus 186,Escherichia virus 4MG,Escherichia virus ACGM12,Escherichia virus AKFV33,Escherichia virus APEC5,Escherichia virus AYO145A,Escherichia virus Bp4,Escherichia virus CC31,Escherichia virus CVM10,Escherichia virus EC6,Escherichia virus ECB2,Escherichia virus EPS7,Escherichia virus FFH2,Escherichia virus FV3,Escherichia virus G7C,Escherichia virus HY02,Escherichia virus IME11,Escherichia virus If1,Escherichia virus JES2013,Escherichia virus JH2,Escherichia virus JenK1,Escherichia virus JenP1,Escherichia virus K1G,Escherichia virus K1H,Escherichia virus K30,Escherichia virus N15,Escherichia virus NJ01,Escherichia virus RB16,Escherichia virus RB69,Escherichia virus Rtp,Escherichia virus SU10,Escherichia virus Septima11,Escherichia virus T5,Escherichia virus V5,Escherichia virus VR20,Escherichia virus VR25,Escherichia virus VR26,Escherichia virus VR7,Escherichia virus VpaE1,Escherichia virus ep3,Escherichia virus phiEco32,Escherichia virus slur09,Escherichia virus wV8,Ethanoligenens harbinense,Eubacterium limosum,Exiguobacterium antarcticum,Exiguobacterium sibiricum,Exiguobacterium sp. AT1b,Exiguobacterium sp. MH3,Exiguobacterium sp. U13-1,Exiguobacterium sp. ZWU0009,Ezakiella massiliensis,Faecalibacterium prausnitzii,Faecalibaculum rodentium,Feline leukemia virus,Fermentimonas caenicola,Ferrimonas balearica,Fervidobacterium islandicum,Fervidobacterium nodosum,Fervidobacterium pennivorans,Fibrella sp. ES10-3-2-2,Fibrobacter succinogenes,Fictibacillus arsenicus,Fictibacillus phosphorivorans,Filifactor alocis,Filimonas lacunae,Fimbriimonas ginsengisoli,Finegoldia magna,Fischerella sp. NIES-3754,Flammeovirga sp. MY04,Flammeovirgaceae bacterium 311,Flavisolibacter tropicus,Flavivirga eckloniae,Flavobacteriaceae bacterium 3519-10,Flavobacteriaceae bacterium UJ101,Flavobacterium branchiophilum,Flavobacterium columnare,Flavobacterium commune,Flavobacterium crassostreae,Flavobacterium gilvum,Flavobacterium indicum,Flavobacterium johnsoniae,Flavobacterium psychrophilum,Flavonifractor plautii,Fluviicola taffensis,Formosa sp. Hel1_33_131,Formosa sp. Hel3_A1_48,Fowl aviadenovirus B,Fowl aviadenovirus E,Francisella noatunensis,Francisella philomiragia,Francisella sp. CA97-1460,Francisella sp. MA067296,Francisella sp. TX077310,Francisella tularensis,Frankia alni,Frankia casuarinae,Frankia inefficax,Frankia sp. EAN1pec,Frankia symbiont of Datisca glomerata,Frateuria aurantia,Frischella perrara,Frondihabitans sp. PAMC 28766,Fuerstia marisgermanicae,Fujinami sarcoma virus,Fusobacterium hwasookii,Fusobacterium nucleatum,Fusobacterium periodonticum,Fusobacterium varium,Gallibacterium anatis,Gallid alphaherpesvirus 2,Gallionella capsiferriformans,Gammapapillomavirus 1,Gammapapillomavirus 12,Gammapapillomavirus 13,Gammapapillomavirus 14,Gammapapillomavirus 15,Gammapapillomavirus 16,Gammapapillomavirus 18,Gammapapillomavirus 2,Gammapapillomavirus 20,Gammapapillomavirus 21,Gammapapillomavirus 3,Gammapapillomavirus 4,Gammapapillomavirus 5,Gammapapillomavirus 7,Gammapapillomavirus 8,Gammapapillomavirus 9,Gardnerella vaginalis,Geitlerinema sp. PCC 7407,Gemella sp. oral taxon 928,Geminocystis sp. NIES-3708,Geminocystis sp. NIES-3709,Gemmata sp. SH-PL17,Gemmatimonas aurantiaca,Gemmatimonas phototrophica,Gemmatirosa kalamazoonesis,Geoalkalibacter subterraneus,Geobacillus genomosp. 3,Geobacillus kaustophilus,Geobacillus lituanicus,Geobacillus sp. C56-T3,Geobacillus sp. GHH01,Geobacillus sp. WCH70,Geobacillus sp. Y4.1MC1,Geobacillus stearothermophilus,Geobacillus subterraneus,Geobacillus thermocatenulatus,Geobacillus thermodenitrificans,Geobacillus thermoleovorans,Geobacillus virus E2,Geobacillus virus E3,Geobacter anodireducens,Geobacter bemidjiensis,Geobacter daltonii,Geobacter lovleyi,Geobacter metallireducens,Geobacter pickeringii,Geobacter sp. M18,Geobacter sp. M21,Geobacter sulfurreducens,Geobacter uraniireducens,Geodermatophilus obscurus,Geosporobacter ferrireducens,Gibbsiella quercinecans,Gilliamella apicola,Glaciecola nitratireducens,Glaciecola sp. 4H-3-7+YE-5,Glaesserella parasuis,Gloeobacter kilaueensis,Gloeobacter violaceus,Gloeocapsa sp. PCC 7428,Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus,Gluconobacter albidus,Gluconobacter oxydans,Glutamicibacter arilaitensis,Gordonia bronchialis,Gordonia phage BaxterFox,Gordonia phage Blueberry,Gordonia phage Bowser,Gordonia phage BritBrat,Gordonia phage Cozz,Gordonia phage GAL1,Gordonia phage GMA1,Gordonia phage GRU1,Gordonia phage GTE2,Gordonia phage GTE5,Gordonia phage GTE6,Gordonia phage GTE8,Gordonia phage GordDuk1,Gordonia phage Hedwig,Gordonia phage Kita,Gordonia phage Lucky10,Gordonia phage Nyceirae,Gordonia phage Phinally,Gordonia phage Schwabeltier,Gordonia phage SoilAssassin,Gordonia phage Yvonnetastic,Gordonia phage Zirinka,Gordonia phthalatica,Gordonia polyisoprenivorans,Gordonia sp. KTR9,Gordonia sp. YC-JH1,Gordonia terrae,Gordonia virus Demosthenes,Gordonia virus GordTnk2,Gordonia virus Kvothe,Gordonia virus Woes,Gordonibacter massiliensis,Gordonibacter urolithinfaciens,Gottschalkia acidurici,Gramella flava,Gramella forsetii,Gramella sp. LPB0144,Granulibacter bethesdensis,Granulicella mallensis,Granulicella tundricola,Granulosicoccus antarcticus,Gynuella sunshinyii,Haematospirillum jordaniae,Haemophilus influenzae,Haemophilus parainfluenzae,Haemophilus pittmaniae,Haemophilus virus HP1,Hafnia alvei,Hafnia sp. CBA7124,Hahella chejuensis,Halalkalicoccus jeotgali,Halanaeroarchaeum sulfurireducens,Halanaerobium praevalens,Haliangium ochraceum,Halioglobus japonicus,Halioglobus pacificus,Haliscomenobacter hydrossis,Haloarcula hispanica,Haloarcula marismortui,Haloarcula sp. CBA1115,Haloarcula taiwanensis,Halobacillus halophilus,Halobacillus mangrovi,Halobacteriovorax marinus,Halobacterium hubeiense,Halobacterium salinarum,Halobacterium sp. DL1,Halobacteroides halobius,Halobiforma lacisalsi,Halocynthiibacter arcticus,Halodesulfurarchaeum formicicum,Haloferax gibbonsii,Haloferax mediterranei,Haloferax volcanii,Halogeometricum borinquense,Halomicrobium mukohataei,Halomicronema hongdechloris,Halomonas aestuarii,Halomonas beimenensis,Halomonas campaniensis,Halomonas chromatireducens,Halomonas huangheensis,Halomonas hydrothermalis,Halomonas sp. 'Soap Lake #7',Halomonas sp. 1513,Halomonas sp. GT,Halomonas sp. KO116,Halomonas sp. R57-5,Halomonas virus HAP1,Halopenitus persicus,Halopiger xanaduensis,Haloquadratum walsbyi,Halorhabdus tiamatea,Halorhabdus utahensis,Halorhodospira halophila,Halorientalis sp. IM1011,Halorubrum lacusprofundi,Halorubrum trapanicum,Halostagnicola larsenii,Halotalea alkalilenta,Haloterrigena daqingensis,Haloterrigena turkmenica,Halothece sp. PCC 7418,Halothiobacillus neapolitanus,Halothiobacillus sp. LS2,Hamiltonella virus APSE1,Hartmannibacter diazotrophicus,Helicobacter bilis,Helicobacter cinaedi,Helicobacter hepaticus,Helicobacter pylori,Helicobacter typhlonius,Heliobacterium modesticaldum,Hemipteran ambidensovirus 3,Herbaspirillum frisingense,Herbaspirillum hiltneri,Herbaspirillum rubrisubalbicans,Herbaspirillum seropedicae,Herbaspirillum sp. meg3,Herbinix luporum,Herbivorax saccincola,Herminiimonas arsenicoxydans,Herminiimonas arsenitoxidans,Hirschia baltica,Histophilus somni,Hoeflea sp. IMCC20628,Hoyosella subflava,Human alphaherpesvirus 1,Human alphaherpesvirus 2,Human alphaherpesvirus 3,Human associated gemykibivirus 2,Human associated gemykibivirus 5,Human associated gemyvongvirus 1,Human betaherpesvirus 5,Human betaherpesvirus 6A,Human betaherpesvirus 6B,Human betaherpesvirus 7,Human endogenous retrovirus K,Human gammaherpesvirus 4,Human immunodeficiency virus 1,Human mastadenovirus B,Human mastadenovirus C,Human mastadenovirus D,Human mastadenovirus E,Human mastadenovirus F,Human papillomavirus KC5,Human papillomavirus type 136,Human papillomavirus type 140,Human papillomavirus type 179,Human papillomavirus type 201,Human polyomavirus 10,Human polyomavirus 2,Human polyomavirus 4,Human polyomavirus 5,Human polyomavirus 6,Human polyomavirus 7,Human polyomavirus 8,Hydrogenobacter thermophilus,Hydrogenophaga crassostreae,Hydrogenophaga sp. PBC,Hydrogenophaga sp. RAC07,Hydrogenovibrio crunogenus,Hymenobacter sedentarius,Hymenobacter sp. APR13,Hymenobacter sp. DG25A,Hymenobacter sp. DG25B,Hymenobacter sp. PAMC 26554,Hymenobacter sp. PAMC 26628,Hymenobacter swuensis,Hyphomicrobium denitrificans,Hyphomicrobium nitrativorans,Hyphomicrobium sp. MC1,Hyphomonas neptunium,Hyphomonas sp. Mor2,Ichthyobacterium seriolicida,Idiomarina loihiensis,Idiomarina piscisalsi,Idiomarina sp. X4,Ignavibacterium album,Ilumatobacter coccineus,Ilyobacter polytropus,Immundisolibacter cernigliae,Indiana vesiculovirus,Intestinimonas butyriciproducens,Intrasporangium calvum,Invertebrate iridescent virus 31,Invertebrate iridescent virus 6,Invertebrate iridovirus 25,Isoptericola dokdonensis,Isoptericola variabilis,Isosphaera pallida,Jaagsiekte sheep retrovirus,Janibacter indicus,Jannaschia sp. CCS1,Janthinobacterium agaricidamnosum,Janthinobacterium sp. 1_2014MBL_MicDiv,Janthinobacterium sp. B9-8,Janthinobacterium sp. LM6,Janthinobacterium sp. Marseille,Janthinobacterium svalbardensis,Jeongeupia sp. USM3,Jeotgalibaca dankookensis,Jeotgalibaca sp. PTS2502,Jeotgalibacillus malaysiensis,Jonesia denitrificans,Kallithea virus,Kangiella geojedonensis,Kangiella koreensis,Kangiella sediminilitoris,Ketobacter alkanivorans,Ketogulonicigenium robustum,Ketogulonicigenium vulgare,Kibdelosporangium phytohabitans,Kineococcus radiotolerans,Kiritimatiella glycovorans,Kitasatospora albolonga,Kitasatospora aureofaciens,Kitasatospora setae,Klebsiella aerogenes,Klebsiella michiganensis,Klebsiella oxytoca,Klebsiella phage 0507-KN2-1,Klebsiella phage JD001,Klebsiella phage K64-1,Klebsiella phage phiKO2,Klebsiella phage vB_KpnM_KB57,Klebsiella phage vB_KpnM_KpV477,Klebsiella pneumoniae,Klebsiella quasipneumoniae,Klebsiella quasivariicola,Klebsiella sp. 2N3,Klebsiella sp. LTGPAF-6F,Klebsiella sp. M5al,Klebsiella variicola,Klebsiella virus 1513,Klebsiella virus F19,Klebsiella virus JD18,Klebsiella virus K244,Klebsiella virus KLPN1,Klebsiella virus KP15,Klebsiella virus KP27,Klebsiella virus KP34,Klebsiella virus KP36,Klebsiella virus Kp1,Klebsiella virus Kp2,Klebsiella virus KpV289,Klebsiella virus KpV41,Klebsiella virus KpV475,Klebsiella virus KpV71,Klebsiella virus Matisse,Klebsiella virus PKO111,Klebsiella virus PKP126,Klebsiella virus SU503,Klebsiella virus SU552A,Klebsiella virus Sushi,Kluyvera intermedia,Kluyveromyces lactis,Kluyveromyces marxianus,Kocuria flava,Kocuria palustris,Kocuria rhizophila,Komagataeibacter europaeus,Komagataeibacter medellinensis,Komagataeibacter nataicola,Komagataeibacter xylinus,Kosakonia cowanii,Kosakonia oryzae,Kosakonia radicincitans,Kosakonia sacchari,Kozakia baliensis,Kribbella flavida,Kurthia sp. 11kri321,Kushneria konosiri,Kushneria marisflavi,Kutzneria albida,Kyrpidia sp. EA-1,Kyrpidia tusciae,Kytococcus sedentarius,Labrenzia aggregata,Labrenzia sp. CP4,Labrenzia sp. VG12,Laceyella sp. FBKL4.010,Lachnoclostridium phocaeense,Lachnoclostridium phytofermentans,Lachnoclostridium sp. YL32,Lacimicrobium alkaliphilum,Lacinutrix sp. 5H-3-7-4,Lacinutrix sp. Bg11-31,Lacinutrix venerupis,Lactobacillales bacterium,Lactobacillus acetotolerans,Lactobacillus acidipiscis,Lactobacillus acidophilus,Lactobacillus agilis,Lactobacillus alimentarius,Lactobacillus allii,Lactobacillus amylolyticus,Lactobacillus amylophilus,Lactobacillus amylovorus,Lactobacillus backii,Lactobacillus brevis,Lactobacillus buchneri,Lactobacillus casei,Lactobacillus coryniformis,Lactobacillus crustorum,Lactobacillus curieae,Lactobacillus curvatus,Lactobacillus delbrueckii,Lactobacillus farciminis,Lactobacillus fermentum,Lactobacillus gallinarum,Lactobacillus gasseri,Lactobacillus ginsenosidimutans,Lactobacillus heilongjiangensis,Lactobacillus helveticus,Lactobacillus hokkaidonensis,Lactobacillus jensenii,Lactobacillus johnsonii,Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens,Lactobacillus koreensis,Lactobacillus kunkeei,Lactobacillus lindneri,Lactobacillus mucosae,Lactobacillus parabuchneri,Lactobacillus paracasei,Lactobacillus paracollinoides,Lactobacillus paraplantarum,Lactobacillus pentosus,Lactobacillus phage KC5a,Lactobacillus phage LF1,Lactobacillus phage Lc-Nu,Lactobacillus phage LfeInf,Lactobacillus phage LfeSau,Lactobacillus phage Lv-1,Lactobacillus phage Sha1,Lactobacillus phage phiAQ113,Lactobacillus phage phiJB,Lactobacillus phage phiPYB5,Lactobacillus phage phiadh,Lactobacillus phage phig1e,Lactobacillus plantarum,Lactobacillus prophage Lj771,Lactobacillus reuteri,Lactobacillus rhamnosus,Lactobacillus ruminis,Lactobacillus sakei,Lactobacillus salivarius,Lactobacillus sanfranciscensis,Lactobacillus sp. wkB8,Lactobacillus virus LLKu,Lactobacillus virus LP65,Lactobacillus virus Lb338-1,Lactobacillus virus Ld17,Lactobacillus virus Ld25A,Lactobacillus virus phiJL1,Lactobacillus zymae,Lactococcus garvieae,Lactococcus lactis,Lactococcus phage 1706,Lactococcus phage 28201,Lactococcus phage 340,Lactococcus phage 63301,Lactococcus phage 949,Lactococcus phage 98201,Lactococcus phage BK5-T,Lactococcus phage BM13,Lactococcus phage D4410,Lactococcus phage D4412,Lactococcus phage M5938,Lactococcus phage M6165,Lactococcus phage P087,Lactococcus phage P335 sensu lato,Lactococcus phage P680,Lactococcus phage TP901-1,Lactococcus phage Tuc2009,Lactococcus phage WRP3,Lactococcus phage jm2,Lactococcus phage jm3,Lactococcus phage phi7,Lactococcus phage phiL47,Lactococcus phage r1t,Lactococcus phage ul36,Lactococcus piscium,Lactococcus raffinolactis,Lactococcus virus 712,Lactococcus virus ASCC191,Lactococcus virus Bibb29,Lactococcus virus CB13,Lactococcus virus CB14,Lactococcus virus P008,Lactococcus virus Sl4,Lactococcus virus bIL170,Lactococcus virus bIL67,Lactococcus virus c2,Lactococcus virus jj50,Lactococcus virus sk1,Lacunisphaera limnophila,Laribacter hongkongensis,Lawsonella clevelandensis,Lawsonia intracellularis,Leadbetterella byssophila,Leclercia adecarboxylata,Leclercia sp. LSNIH1,Legionella clemsonensis,Legionella fallonii,Legionella hackeliae,Legionella lansingensis,Legionella longbeachae,Legionella oakridgensis,Legionella pneumophila,Legionella sainthelensi,Legionella spiritensis,Legionella waltersii,Leifsonia xyli,Leishmania major,Leisingera methylohalidivorans,Lelliottia amnigena,Lelliottia sp. PFL01,Lentibacillus amyloliquefaciens,Lentzea guizhouensis,Leptolyngbya boryana,Leptolyngbya sp. NIES-3755,Leptolyngbya sp. O-77,Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 7376,Leptospira alstonii,Leptospira biflexa,Leptospira interrogans,Leptothrix cholodnii,Leptotrichia buccalis,Leptotrichia sp. oral taxon 212,Leptotrichia sp. oral taxon 498,Leptotrichia sp. oral taxon 847,Leuconostoc carnosum,Leuconostoc citreum,Leuconostoc garlicum,Leuconostoc gelidum,Leuconostoc kimchii,Leuconostoc lactis,Leuconostoc mesenteroides,Leuconostoc phage 1-A4,Leuconostoc phage Ln-9,Leuconostoc phage P793,Leuconostoc phage phiLN03,Leuconostoc phage phiLN04,Leuconostoc sp. C2,Limnochorda pilosa,Limnohabitans sp. 103DPR2,Limnohabitans sp. 63ED37-2,Listeria innocua,Listeria ivanovii,Listeria monocytogenes,Listeria phage A500,Listeria seeligeri,Listeria welshimeri,Listonella phage phiHSIC,Loktanella vestfoldensis,Luteimonas sp. 100111,Luteipulveratus mongoliensis,Lutibacter profundi,Lutibacter sp. LPB0138,Lymantria dispar multiple nucleopolyhedrovirus,Lymantria xylina nucleopolyhedrovirus,Lysinibacillus fusiformis,Lysinibacillus sp. YS11,Lysinibacillus sphaericus,Lysinibacillus varians,Lysobacter antibioticus,Lysobacter capsici,Lysobacter enzymogenes,Lysobacter gummosus,Macaca mulatta polyomavirus 1,Macrococcus canis,Macrococcus caseolyticus,Macrococcus sp. IME1552,Mageeibacillus indolicus,Magnetococcus marinus,Magnetospira sp. QH-2,Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense,Magnetospirillum magneticum,Magnetospirillum sp. ME-1,Magnetospirillum sp. XM-1,Mahella australiensis,Maize streak Reunion virus,Mamestra configurata nucleopolyhedrovirus A,Mannheimia haemolytica,Mannheimia sp. USDA-ARS-USMARC-1261,Mannheimia varigena,Maribacter cobaltidurans,Maribacter sp. 1_2014MBL_MicDiv,Maribacter sp. HTCC2170,Maribacter sp. T28,Maricaulis maris,Marichromatium purpuratum,Marinifilaceae bacterium SPP2,Marinilactibacillus sp. 15R,Marinithermus hydrothermalis,Marinobacter adhaerens,Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus,Marinobacter psychrophilus,Marinobacter salarius,Marinobacter salinus,Marinobacter similis,Marinobacter sp. BSs20148,Marinobacter sp. CP1,Marinobacter sp. LQ44,Marinobacterium aestuarii,Marinomonas mediterranea,Marinomonas posidonica,Marinomonas sp. MWYL1,Marinovum algicola,Mariprofundus aestuarium,Mariprofundus ferrinatatus,Marivirga tractuosa,Marivivens sp. JLT3646,Martelella endophytica,Martelella mediterranea,Martelella sp. AD-3,Massilia putida,Massilia sp. B2,Massilia sp. NR 4-1,Massilia sp. WG5,Megamonas hypermegale,Megasphaera elsdenii,Meiothermus ruber,Meiothermus silvanus,Melioribacter roseus,Melissococcus plutonius,Melittangium boletus,Mesoplasma syrphidae,Mesorhizobium amorphae,Mesorhizobium australicum,Mesorhizobium ciceri,Mesorhizobium japonicum,Mesorhizobium loti,Mesorhizobium opportunistum,Mesorhizobium sp. B7,Mesorhizobium sp. WSM1497,Mesotoga prima,Methanobacterium congolense,Methanobacterium formicicum,Methanobacterium lacus,Methanobacterium sp. MB1,Methanobrevibacter millerae,Methanobrevibacter olleyae,Methanobrevibacter ruminantium,Methanobrevibacter smithii,Methanobrevibacter sp. AbM4,Methanobrevibacter sp. YE315,Methanocella arvoryzae,Methanocella conradii,Methanococcus aeolicus,Methanococcus voltae,Methanocorpusculum labreanum,Methanoculleus bourgensis,Methanoculleus marisnigri,Methanomethylovorans hollandica,Methanoregula boonei,Methanoregula formicica,Methanosaeta harundinacea,Methanosarcina acetivorans,Methanosarcina barkeri,Methanosarcina horonobensis,Methanosarcina lacustris,Methanosarcina mazei,Methanosarcina siciliae,Methanosarcina sp. Kolksee,Methanosarcina sp. MTP4,Methanosarcina thermophila,Methanosarcina vacuolata,Methanosphaera stadtmanae,Methanosphaerula palustris,Methanospirillum hungatei,Methanothermobacter marburgensis,Methanothermobacter sp. CaT2,Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus,Methanothermobacter wolfeii,Methanothrix soehngenii,Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum,Methylibium petroleiphilum,Methylobacillus flagellatus,Methylobacterium aquaticum,Methylobacterium extorquens,Methylobacterium nodulans,Methylobacterium oryzae,Methylobacterium phyllosphaerae,Methylobacterium populi,Methylobacterium radiotolerans,Methylobacterium sp. 4-46,Methylobacterium sp. AMS5,Methylobacterium sp. C1,Methylobacterium zatmanii,Methyloceanibacter caenitepidi,Methylocella silvestris,Methylococcus capsulatus,Methylocystis bryophila,Methylocystis sp. SC2,Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum,Methylomonas denitrificans,Methylomonas koyamae,Methylomonas methanica,Methylomonas sp. DH-1,Methylophaga frappieri,Methylophaga nitratireducenticrescens,Methylophilus sp. TWE2,Methylosinus trichosporium,Methylotenera mobilis,Methylotenera versatilis,Methyloversatilis sp. RAC08,Methylovorus glucosotrophus,Methylovorus sp. MP688,Methylovulum psychrotolerans,Micavibrio aeruginosavorus,Microbacterium aurum,Microbacterium chocolatum,Microbacterium hominis,Microbacterium paludicola,Microbacterium phage Min1,Microbacterium sp. 1.5R,Microbacterium sp. BH-3-3-3,Microbacterium sp. CGR1,Microbacterium sp. No. 7,Microbacterium sp. PAMC 28756,Microbacterium sp. TPU 3598,Microbacterium sp. XT11,Microbacterium testaceum,Microbulbifer agarilyticus,Microbulbifer aggregans,Microbulbifer thermotolerans,Microcella alkaliphila,Micrococcus luteus,Microcoleus sp. PCC 7113,Microcystis aeruginosa,Microlunatus phosphovorus,Micromonas pusilla virus 12T,Micromonospora aurantiaca,Micromonospora sp. L5,Microterricola viridarii,Microvirga ossetica,Mitsuaria sp. 7,Mobiluncus curtisii,Modestobacter marinus,Mollivirus sibericum,Molluscum contagiosum virus,Moloney murine sarcoma virus,Moorea producens,Moorella thermoacetica,Moraxella bovoculi,Moraxella catarrhalis,Moraxella osloensis,Moraxella ovis,Morganella morganii,Moritella viscosa,Mucilaginibacter gotjawali,Mucilaginibacter sp. BJC16-A31,Mucilaginibacter sp. PAMC 26640,Mucinivorans hirudinis,Mupapillomavirus 1,Mupapillomavirus 2,Murdochiella vaginalis,Muricauda lutaonensis,Muricauda ruestringensis,Murine leukemia virus,Murine mastadenovirus B,Musca hytrovirus,Mycobacterium abscessus,Mycobacterium aurum,Mycobacterium avium,Mycobacterium bovis,Mycobacterium canettii,Mycobacterium chelonae,Mycobacterium chimaera,Mycobacterium chubuense,Mycobacterium colombiense,Mycobacterium dioxanotrophicus,Mycobacterium fortuitum,Mycobacterium gilvum,Mycobacterium goodii,Mycobacterium haemophilum,Mycobacterium immunogenum,Mycobacterium indicus pranii,Mycobacterium intracellulare,Mycobacterium kansasii,Mycobacterium leprae,Mycobacterium liflandii,Mycobacterium litorale,Mycobacterium marinum,Mycobacterium marseillense,Mycobacterium paraintracellulare,Mycobacterium phage Cambiare,Mycobacterium phage Dori,Mycobacterium phage Enkosi,Mycobacterium phage FlagStaff,Mycobacterium phage Jolie2,Mycobacterium phage MOOREtheMARYer,Mycobacterium phage Myrna,Mycobacterium phage Tonenili,Mycobacterium phlei,Mycobacterium rhodesiae,Mycobacterium saopaulense,Mycobacterium shigaense,Mycobacterium sinense,Mycobacterium smegmatis,Mycobacterium sp. EPa45,Mycobacterium sp. JLS,Mycobacterium sp. JS623,Mycobacterium sp. KMS,Mycobacterium sp. MOTT36Y,Mycobacterium sp. PYR15,Mycobacterium sp. QIA-37,Mycobacterium sp. VKM Ac-1817D,Mycobacterium sp. WY10,Mycobacterium sp. YC-RL4,Mycobacterium sp. djl-10,Mycobacterium stephanolepidis,Mycobacterium terrae,Mycobacterium thermoresistibile,Mycobacterium tuberculosis,Mycobacterium ulcerans,Mycobacterium vaccae,Mycobacterium vanbaalenii,Mycobacterium virus Predator,Mycobacterium yongonense,Mycoplasma arginini,Mycoplasma bovigenitalium,Mycoplasma canadense,Mycoplasma canis,Mycoplasma cynos,Mycoplasma fermentans,Mycoplasma gallisepticum,Mycoplasma genitalium,Mycoplasma hominis,Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae,Mycoplasma hyorhinis,Mycoplasma penetrans,Mycoplasma pneumoniae,Mycoplasma pulmonis,Mycoplasma synoviae,Myroides odoratimimus,Myroides profundi,Myroides sp. A21,Myroides sp. ZB35,Mythimna unipuncta granulovirus,Myxococcus fulvus,Myxococcus hansupus,Myxococcus macrosporus,Myxococcus stipitatus,Myxococcus xanthus,Nakamurella multipartita,Natrialba magadii,Natrialbaceae archaeon JW/NM-HA 15,Natrinema pellirubrum,Natrinema sp. J7-2,Natronobacterium gregoryi,Natronococcus occultus,Natronomonas moolapensis,Natronomonas pharaonis,Ndongobacter massiliensis,Negativicoccus massiliensis,Neisseria elongata,Neisseria gonorrhoeae,Neisseria lactamica,Neisseria meningitidis,Neisseria sicca,Neisseria sp. 10022,Neisseria sp. 10023,Neisseria sp. KEM232,Neisseria weaveri,Neisseria zoodegmatis,Neisseriaceae bacterium DSM 100970,Neoasaia chiangmaiensis,Neomicrococcus aestuarii,Neorhizobium galegae,Niabella ginsenosidivorans,Niabella soli,Niastella koreensis,Nitratifractor salsuginis,Nitratireductor basaltis,Nitrobacter hamburgensis,Nitrobacter winogradskyi,Nitrosococcus halophilus,Nitrosococcus oceani,Nitrosococcus watsonii,Nitrosomonas communis,Nitrosomonas europaea,Nitrosomonas eutropha,Nitrosomonas sp. AL212,Nitrosomonas sp. Is79A3,Nitrosomonas ureae,Nitrososphaera viennensis,Nitrosospira briensis,Nitrosospira lacus,Nitrosospira multiformis,Nitrospira defluvii,Nitrospira japonica,Nitrospira moscoviensis,Nitrospirillum amazonense,Niveispirillum cyanobacteriorum,Nocardia brasiliensis,Nocardia cyriacigeorgica,Nocardia farcinica,Nocardia nova,Nocardia seriolae,Nocardia soli,Nocardia terpenica,Nocardioides dokdonensis,Nocardioides sp. 78,Nocardioides sp. JS614,Nocardiopsis alba,Nocardiopsis dassonvillei,Nocardiopsis gilva,Nonlabens dokdonensis,Nonlabens sediminis,Nonlabens sp. MB-3u-79,Nonlabens sp. MIC269,Nonomuraea sp. ATCC 55076,Nostoc flagelliforme,Nostoc punctiforme,Nostoc sp. CENA543,Nostoc sp. NIES-3756,Nostoc sp. PCC 7107,Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,Nostoc sp. PCC 7524,Nostocales cyanobacterium HT-58-2,Noumeavirus,Novibacillus thermophilus,Novosphingobium aromaticivorans,Novosphingobium pentaromativorans,Novosphingobium resinovorum,Novosphingobium sp. PP1Y,Nupapillomavirus 1,Obesumbacterium proteus,Oblitimonas alkaliphila,Oceanicoccus sagamiensis,Oceanimonas sp. GK1,Oceanisphaera profunda,Oceanisphaera sp. AMac2203,Oceanithermus profundus,Oceanobacillus iheyensis,Ochrobactrum anthropi,Ochrobactrum pituitosum,Ochrobactrum pseudogrignonense,Ochrobactrum sp. A44,Octadecabacter antarcticus,Octadecabacter arcticus,Octadecabacter temperatus,Odoribacter splanchnicus,Oenococcus oeni,Oleiphilus messinensis,Oleispira antarctica,Oligotropha carboxidovorans,Olleya sp. Bg11-27,Olsenella sp. Marseille-P2300,Olsenella sp. oral taxon 807,Olsenella uli,Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,Opitutus terrae,Orgyia pseudotsugata multiple nucleopolyhedrovirus,Orientia tsutsugamushi,Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale,Orrella dioscoreae,Oryctes rhinoceros nudivirus,Oscillatoria acuminata,Oscillatoria nigro-viridis,Oscillibacter valericigenes,Ostreococcus tauri virus 1,Ottowia sp. oral taxon 894,Ovine mastadenovirus A,Owenweeksia hongkongensis,Oxalobacter formigenes,Paenalcaligenes hominis,Paenarthrobacter aurescens,Paenibacillus beijingensis,Paenibacillus borealis,Paenibacillus bovis,Paenibacillus crassostreae,Paenibacillus donghaensis,Paenibacillus durus,Paenibacillus graminis,Paenibacillus ihbetae,Paenibacillus kribbensis,Paenibacillus larvae,Paenibacillus mucilaginosus,Paenibacillus naphthalenovorans,Paenibacillus odorifer,Paenibacillus peoriae,Paenibacillus phage PG1,Paenibacillus polymyxa,Paenibacillus riograndensis,Paenibacillus sabinae,Paenibacillus sp. 32O-W,Paenibacillus sp. BIHB4019,Paenibacillus sp. FSL H7-0357,Paenibacillus sp. FSL H7-0737,Paenibacillus sp. FSL P4-0081,Paenibacillus sp. FSL R5-0345,Paenibacillus sp. FSL R5-0912,Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-0273,Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-0331,Paenibacillus sp. IHBB 10380,Paenibacillus sp. JDR-2,Paenibacillus sp. Y412MC10,Paenibacillus sp. lzh-N1,Paenibacillus stellifer,Paenibacillus swuensis,Paenibacillus terrae,Paenibacillus xylanexedens,Paenibacillus yonginensis,Paeniclostridium sordellii,Paludibacter propionicigenes,Paludisphaera borealis,Pandoraea apista,Pandoraea faecigallinarum,Pandoraea norimbergensis,Pandoraea oxalativorans,Pandoraea pnomenusa,Pandoraea pulmonicola,Pandoraea sputorum,Pandoraea thiooxydans,Pandoraea vervacti,Pandoravirus dulcis,Pandoravirus salinus,Pannonibacter phragmitetus,Pantoea agglomerans,Pantoea alhagi,Pantoea ananatis,Pantoea rwandensis,Pantoea sp. At-9b,Pantoea sp. PSNIH1,Pantoea sp. PSNIH2,Pantoea stewartii,Pantoea vagans,Pantoea virus Limelight,Parabacteroides distasonis,Parabacteroides sp. CT06,Parabacteroides sp. YL27,Paraburkholderia caribensis,Paraburkholderia fungorum,Paraburkholderia hospita,Paraburkholderia phenoliruptrix,Paraburkholderia phymatum,Paraburkholderia phytofirmans,Paraburkholderia rhizoxinica,Paraburkholderia sp. BN5,Paraburkholderia sp. SOS3,Paraburkholderia sprentiae,Paraburkholderia terrae,Paraburkholderia xenovorans,Parachlamydia acanthamoebae,Paracoccus aminophilus,Paracoccus aminovorans,Paracoccus contaminans,Paracoccus denitrificans,Paracoccus sp. BM15,Paracoccus sp. CBA4604,Paracoccus yeei,Paracoccus zhejiangensis,Parageobacillus thermoglucosidasius,Paraglaciecola psychrophila,Pararhodospirillum photometricum,Parasaccharibacter apium,Parascardovia denticolens,Parvibaculum lavamentivorans,Parvimonas micra,Parvularcula bermudensis,Pasteurella dagmatis,Pasteurella multocida,Paucibacter sp. KCTC 42545,Pectobacterium atrosepticum,Pectobacterium carotovorum,Pectobacterium parmentieri,Pectobacterium phage My1,Pectobacterium phage PM1,Pectobacterium phage PP16,Pectobacterium phage ZF40,Pectobacterium polaris,Pectobacterium virus phiTE,Pectobacterium wasabiae,Pediococcus acidilactici,Pediococcus claussenii,Pediococcus damnosus,Pediococcus pentosaceus,Pediococcus virus cIP1,Pedobacter cryoconitis,Pedobacter ginsengisoli,Pedobacter heparinus,Pedobacter sp. PACM 27299,Pedobacter steynii,Pelagibaca abyssi,Pelagibacter phage HTVC010P,Pelagibacterium halotolerans,Pelargonium vein banding virus,Pelobacter acetylenicus,Pelobacter carbinolicus,Pelobacter propionicus,Pelobacter sp. SFB93,Pelodictyon luteolum,Pelosinus fermentans,Pelosinus sp. UFO1,Peptoclostridium acidaminophilum,Peptoniphilus sp. ING2-D1G,Persicobacter sp. JZB09,Petrimonas mucosa,Petrotoga mobilis,Phaeobacter gallaeciensis,Phaeobacter inhibens,Phaeobacter piscinae,Phaeobacter porticola,Phenylobacterium zucineum,Phoenicibacter massiliensis,Photobacterium damselae,Photobacterium gaetbulicola,Photobacterium profundum,Photorhabdus asymbiotica,Photorhabdus luminescens,Photorhabdus temperata,Phycisphaera mikurensis,Phyllobacterium sp. Tri-48,Pigeon adenovirus 2,Pimelobacter simplex,Pirellula staleyi,Piscirickettsia salmonis,Pithovirus sibericum,Planctomyces sp. SH-PL14,Planctomyces sp. SH-PL62,Planctopirus limnophila,Planktomarina temperata,Planktothrix phage PaV-LD,Planococcus antarcticus,Planococcus donghaensis,Planococcus faecalis,Planococcus halocryophilus,Planococcus kocurii,Planococcus maritimus,Planococcus plakortidis,Planococcus rifietoensis,Planococcus sp. L10.15,Planococcus sp. MB-3u-03,Planococcus sp. PAMC 21323,Plantactinospora sp. KBS50,Plautia stali symbiont,Plesiomonas shigelloides,Pleurocapsa minor,Pluralibacter gergoviae,Polaribacter reichenbachii,Polaribacter sp. ALD11,Polaribacter sp. BM10,Polaribacter sp. MED152,Polaribacter vadi,Polaromonas naphthalenivorans,Polaromonas sp. JS666,Polymorphum gilvum,Polynucleobacter asymbioticus,Polynucleobacter duraquae,Polynucleobacter necessarius,Pontibacter akesuensis,Pontibacter korlensis,Porcine associated gemycircularvirus 1,Porcine type-C oncovirus,Porphyrobacter neustonensis,Porphyrobacter sp. LM 6,Porphyromonas asaccharolytica,Porphyromonas gingivalis,Pragia fontium,Prauserella marina,Prevotella dentalis,Prevotella denticola,Prevotella enoeca,Prevotella fusca,Prevotella intermedia,Prevotella jejuni,Prevotella melaninogenica,Prevotella ruminicola,Prevotella sp. oral taxon 299,Prochlorococcus marinus,Prochlorococcus phage P-GSP1,Prochlorococcus phage P-HM1,Prochlorococcus phage P-RSM4,Prochlorococcus phage P-SSM7,Prochlorococcus phage P-TIM68,Prochlorococcus phage Syn1,Prochlorococcus phage Syn33,Prochlorococcus sp. MIT 0604,Propionibacterium freudenreichii,Propionibacterium phage BruceLethal,Propionibacterium phage Enoki,Propionibacterium phage Moyashi,Propionibacterium phage PA1-14,Propionibacterium phage PAC1,Propionibacterium phage PHL009,Propionibacterium phage PHL010M04,Propionibacterium phage PHL025,Propionibacterium phage PHL030,Propionibacterium phage PHL041,Propionibacterium phage PHL055,Propionibacterium phage PHL067M10,Propionibacterium phage PHL070,Propionibacterium phage PHL082,Propionibacterium phage PHL085,Propionibacterium phage PHL092,Propionibacterium phage PHL095,Propionibacterium phage PHL116,Propionibacterium phage PHL132,Propionibacterium phage PHL141,Propionibacterium phage PHL150,Propionibacterium phage PHL152,Propionibacterium phage PHL171,Propionibacterium phage PHL179,Propionibacterium phage PHL199,Propionibacterium phage PHL301,Propionibacterium phage QueenBey,Propionibacterium sp. oral taxon 193,Propionibacterium virus ATCC29399BC,Propionibacterium virus ATCC29399BT,Propionibacterium virus Attacne,Propionibacterium virus Kubed,Propionibacterium virus Lauchelly,Propionibacterium virus MrAK,Propionibacterium virus Ouroboros,Propionibacterium virus P1.1,Propionibacterium virus P1001,Propionibacterium virus P100A,Propionibacterium virus P100D,Propionibacterium virus P101A,Propionibacterium virus P104A,Propionibacterium virus P105,Propionibacterium virus P144,Propionibacterium virus P91,Propionibacterium virus PA6,Propionibacterium virus PAD20,Propionibacterium virus PAS50,Propionibacterium virus PHL060L00,Propionibacterium virus PHL071N05,Propionibacterium virus PHL111M01,Propionibacterium virus PHL112N00,Propionibacterium virus PHL113M01,Propionibacterium virus PHL114L00,Propionibacterium virus Pacnes201215,Propionibacterium virus Pirate,Propionibacterium virus Procrass1,Propionibacterium virus SKKY,Propionibacterium virus Solid,Propionibacterium virus Stormborn,Propionibacterium virus Wizzo,Propionimicrobium sp. Marseille-P3275,Prosthecochloris sp. CIB 2401,Prosthecochloris sp. GSB1,Prosthecochloris sp. HL-130-GSB,Proteiniphilum saccharofermentans,Proteus mirabilis,Proteus phage pPM_01,Proteus phage vB_PmiM_Pm5461,Proteus vulgaris,Providencia alcalifaciens,Providencia phage Redjac,Providencia rettgeri,Providencia stuartii,Pseudalatia unipuncta granulovirus,Pseudanabaena sp. PCC 7367,Pseudarthrobacter chlorophenolicus,Pseudarthrobacter phenanthrenivorans,Pseudarthrobacter sulfonivorans,Pseudoalteromonas agarivorans,Pseudoalteromonas aliena,Pseudoalteromonas arctica,Pseudoalteromonas atlantica,Pseudoalteromonas espejiana,Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis,Pseudoalteromonas issachenkonii,Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea,Pseudoalteromonas marina,Pseudoalteromonas nigrifaciens,Pseudoalteromonas phage BS5,Pseudoalteromonas phage H101,Pseudoalteromonas phage Pq0,Pseudoalteromonas phage RIO-1,Pseudoalteromonas phage pYD6-A,Pseudoalteromonas phenolica,Pseudoalteromonas piratica,Pseudoalteromonas piscicida,Pseudoalteromonas rubra,Pseudoalteromonas sp. 13-15,Pseudoalteromonas sp. 1_2015MBL_MicDiv,Pseudoalteromonas sp. Bsw20308,Pseudoalteromonas sp. NC201,Pseudoalteromonas sp. SM9913,Pseudoalteromonas spongiae,Pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis,Pseudoalteromonas translucida,Pseudoalteromonas tunicata,Pseudodesulfovibrio aespoeensis,Pseudodesulfovibrio indicus,Pseudodesulfovibrio profundus,Pseudogulbenkiania sp. NH8B,Pseudohongiella spirulinae,Pseudomonas aeruginosa,Pseudomonas alcaligenes,Pseudomonas alcaliphila,Pseudomonas alkylphenolica,Pseudomonas amygdali,Pseudomonas antarctica,Pseudomonas azotoformans,Pseudomonas balearica,Pseudomonas brassicacearum,Pseudomonas cerasi,Pseudomonas chlororaphis,Pseudomonas cichorii,Pseudomonas citronellolis,Pseudomonas corrugata,Pseudomonas cremoricolorata,Pseudomonas entomophila,Pseudomonas fluorescens,Pseudomonas fragi,Pseudomonas frederiksbergensis,Pseudomonas fulva,Pseudomonas knackmussii,Pseudomonas koreensis,Pseudomonas mandelii,Pseudomonas mendocina,Pseudomonas monteilii,Pseudomonas mosselii,Pseudomonas oryzihabitans,Pseudomonas parafulva,Pseudomonas phage 201phi2-1,Pseudomonas phage AF,Pseudomonas phage Andromeda,Pseudomonas phage F10,Pseudomonas phage JBD18,Pseudomonas phage JBD24,Pseudomonas phage JBD5,Pseudomonas phage Lu11,Pseudomonas phage MD8,Pseudomonas phage O4,Pseudomonas phage PAJU2,Pseudomonas phage PPPL-1,Pseudomonas phage PPpW-4,Pseudomonas phage PS-1,Pseudomonas phage PaBG,Pseudomonas phage PaMx42,Pseudomonas phage PaP2,Pseudomonas phage Pf-10,Pseudomonas phage Phi-S1,Pseudomonas phage VCM,Pseudomonas phage YH30,Pseudomonas phage YH6,Pseudomonas phage YMC11/02/R656,Pseudomonas phage YMC11/06/C171_PPU_BP,Pseudomonas phage YMC11/07/P54_PAE_BP,Pseudomonas phage phi-2,Pseudomonas phage phiIBB-PF7A,Pseudomonas phage phiPSA2,Pseudomonas phage phiPsa374,Pseudomonas phage tf,Pseudomonas phage vB_PaeM_PAO1_Ab27,Pseudomonas phage vB_PaeM_PS24,Pseudomonas phage vB_PaeP_MAG4,Pseudomonas phage vB_PaeP_Tr60_Ab31,Pseudomonas phage vB_PaeS_PM105,Pseudomonas phage vB_PsyM_KIL1,Pseudomonas plecoglossicida,Pseudomonas poae,Pseudomonas protegens,Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes,Pseudomonas psychrotolerans,Pseudomonas putida,Pseudomonas resinovorans,Pseudomonas rhizosphaerae,Pseudomonas savastanoi,Pseudomonas silesiensis,Pseudomonas sp. ATCC 13867,Pseudomonas sp. CC6-YY-74,Pseudomonas sp. CCOS 191,Pseudomonas sp. DR 5-09,Pseudomonas sp. FDAARGOS_380,Pseudomonas sp. FGI182,Pseudomonas sp. GR 6-02,Pseudomonas sp. HLS-6,Pseudomonas sp. JY-Q,Pseudomonas sp. LPH1,Pseudomonas sp. Lz4W,Pseudomonas sp. M30-35,Pseudomonas sp. MRSN12121,Pseudomonas sp. NC02,Pseudomonas sp. Os17,Pseudomonas sp. S-6-2,Pseudomonas sp. St29,Pseudomonas sp. StFLB209,Pseudomonas sp. TCU-HL1,Pseudomonas sp. TKP,Pseudomonas sp. URMO17WK12:I11,Pseudomonas sp. UW4,Pseudomonas sp. VLB120,Pseudomonas stutzeri,Pseudomonas syringae,Pseudomonas syringae group genomosp. 3,Pseudomonas trivialis,Pseudomonas veronii,Pseudomonas versuta,Pseudomonas viridiflava,Pseudomonas virus 119X,Pseudomonas virus 73,Pseudomonas virus Ab03,Pseudomonas virus Ab09,Pseudomonas virus Ab22,Pseudomonas virus Ab26,Pseudomonas virus CAb1,Pseudomonas virus DL60,Pseudomonas virus DMS3,Pseudomonas virus EL,Pseudomonas virus F8,Pseudomonas virus KPP10,Pseudomonas virus KPP12,Pseudomonas virus KPP25,Pseudomonas virus Kakheti25,Pseudomonas virus LBL3,Pseudomonas virus LIT1,Pseudomonas virus LKA1,Pseudomonas virus LPB1,Pseudomonas virus LUZ24,Pseudomonas virus M6,Pseudomonas virus MP1412,Pseudomonas virus MP38,Pseudomonas virus NP1,Pseudomonas virus PAE1,Pseudomonas virus PAKP3,Pseudomonas virus PB1,Pseudomonas virus PMG1,Pseudomonas virus PaMx11,Pseudomonas virus PaP3,Pseudomonas virus Yua,Pseudomonas virus gh1,Pseudomonas virus phiKZ,Pseudonocardia dioxanivorans,Pseudonocardia sp. AL041005-10,Pseudonocardia sp. EC080610-09,Pseudonocardia sp. EC080619-01,Pseudonocardia sp. EC080625-04,Pseudonocardia sp. HH130629-09,Pseudonocardia sp. HH130630-07,Pseudopedobacter saltans,Pseudopropionibacterium propionicum,Pseudorhodoplanes sinuspersici,Pseudoxanthomonas spadix,Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis,Psychrobacter alimentarius,Psychrobacter arcticus,Psychrobacter cryohalolentis,Psychrobacter phage Psymv2,Psychrobacter phage pOW20-A,Psychrobacter sp. AntiMn-1,Psychrobacter sp. DAB_AL43B,Psychrobacter sp. G,Psychrobacter sp. P11G5,Psychrobacter sp. P2G3,Psychrobacter sp. PRwf-1,Psychrobacter urativorans,Psychroflexus torquis,Psychromonas ingrahamii,Psychromonas sp. CNPT3,Pusillimonas sp. T7-7,RD114 retrovirus,Rahnella aquatilis,Rahnella sp. Y9602,Ralstonia insidiosa,Ralstonia mannitolilytica,Ralstonia phage RSB1,Ralstonia pickettii,Ralstonia solanacearum,Ralstonia virus RSF1,Ramlibacter tataouinensis,Raoultella ornithinolytica,Raoultella planticola,Rathayibacter toxicus,Rathayibacter tritici,Reinekea forsetii,Renibacterium salmoninarum,Rhizobacter gummiphilus,Rhizobium etli,Rhizobium gallicum,Rhizobium leguminosarum,Rhizobium phage RR1-A,Rhizobium phage RR1-B,Rhizobium phaseoli,Rhizobium sp. 10195,Rhizobium sp. ACO-34A,Rhizobium sp. CIAT894,Rhizobium sp. IE4771,Rhizobium sp. IRBG74,Rhizobium sp. Kim5,Rhizobium sp. N324,Rhizobium sp. NT-26,Rhizobium sp. NXC14,Rhizobium sp. S41,Rhizobium sp. TAL182,Rhizobium sp. Y9,Rhizobium tropici,Rhizorhabdus dicambivorans,Rhodanobacter denitrificans,Rhodobaca barguzinensis,Rhodobacter capsulatus,Rhodobacter sp. CZR27,Rhodobacter sp. LPB0142,Rhodobacter sphaeroides,Rhodobacter virus RcCronus,Rhodobacteraceae bacterium QY30,Rhodococcus aetherivorans,Rhodococcus erythropolis,Rhodococcus fascians,Rhodococcus hoagii,Rhodococcus jostii,Rhodococcus opacus,Rhodococcus phage CosmicSans,Rhodococcus phage REQ2,Rhodococcus phage REQ3,Rhodococcus phage ReqiDocB7,Rhodococcus pyridinivorans,Rhodococcus qingshengii,Rhodococcus rhodochrous,Rhodococcus ruber,Rhodococcus sp. 008,Rhodococcus sp. 2G,Rhodococcus sp. B7740,Rhodococcus sp. BH4,Rhodococcus sp. H-CA8f,Rhodococcus sp. MTM3W5.2,Rhodococcus sp. PBTS 1,Rhodococcus sp. PBTS 2,Rhodococcus sp. WB1,Rhodococcus sp. WMMA185,Rhodococcus sp. YL-1,Rhodococcus sp. p52,Rhodococcus virus RER2,Rhodocyclaceae bacterium,Rhodoferax antarcticus,Rhodoferax ferrireducens,Rhodoferax koreense,Rhodoferax saidenbachensis,Rhodoluna lacicola,Rhodomicrobium vannielii,Rhodopirellula baltica,Rhodoplanes sp. Z2-YC6860,Rhodopseudomonas palustris,Rhodospirillum centenum,Rhodospirillum rubrum,Rhodothermaceae bacterium RA,Rhodothermus marinus,Rhodothermus phage RM378,Rhodovulum sp. MB263,Rhodovulum sp. P5,Rhodovulum sulfidophilum,Rickettsia africae,Rickettsia akari,Rickettsia amblyommatis,Rickettsia australis,Rickettsia bellii,Rickettsia canadensis,Rickettsia endosymbiont of Bemisia tabaci,Rickettsia felis,Rickettsia massiliae,Rickettsia monacensis,Rickettsia parkeri,Rickettsia peacockii,Rickettsia rhipicephali,Rickettsiales bacterium Ac37b,Riemerella anatipestifer,Rivularia sp. PCC 7116,Robiginitalea biformata,Roseateles depolymerans,Roseburia hominis,Roseibacterium elongatum,Roseiflexus castenholzii,Roseiflexus sp. RS-1,Roseobacter denitrificans,Roseobacter litoralis,Roseomonas gilardii,Roseomonas sp. FDAARGOS_362,Roseovarius mucosus,Rothia dentocariosa,Rothia mucilaginosa,Rubinisphaera brasiliensis,Rubrivivax gelatinosus,Rubrobacter radiotolerans,Rubrobacter xylanophilus,Ruegeria mobilis,Ruegeria pomeroyi,Ruegeria sp. TM1040,Rufibacter sp. DG15C,Rufibacter sp. DG31D,Rufibacter tibetensis,Ruminiclostridium sp. KB18,Ruminiclostridium thermocellum,Ruminococcaceae bacterium CPB6,Ruminococcus albus,Ruminococcus bicirculans,Rummeliibacillus stabekisii,Runella slithyformis,Saccharomonospora viridis,Saccharomyces cerevisiae,Saccharophagus degradans,Saccharopolyspora erythraea,Saccharothrix espanaensis,Sagittula sp. P11,Salegentibacter sp. T436,Salimicrobium jeotgali,Salinarchaeum sp. Harcht-Bsk1,Salinibacter ruber,Salinicoccus halodurans,Salinigranum rubrum,Salinispora arenicola,Salinispora tropica,Salinivirga cyanobacteriivorans,Salmonella bongori,Salmonella enterica,Salmonella phage 21,Salmonella phage 7-11,Salmonella phage BPS15Q2,Salmonella phage FSL SP-058,Salmonella phage FSL SP-076,Salmonella phage GG32,Salmonella phage SEN34,Salmonella phage SJ46,Salmonella phage SKML-39,Salmonella phage SSU5,Salmonella phage phiSG-JL2,Salmonella phage vB_SalM_PM10,Salmonella virus 118970sal2,Salmonella virus 9NA,Salmonella virus FelixO1,Salmonella virus HB2014,Salmonella virus LSPA1,Salmonella virus PRD1,Salmonella virus SE1,Salmonella virus SE2,Salmonella virus SH19,Salmonella virus SJ3,Salmonella virus SP31,Salmonella virus SPC35,Salmonella virus SPN3US,Salmonella virus SSE121,Salmonella virus Stitch,Salmonella virus UAB87,Salmonella virus iEPS5,Sandaracinus amylolyticus,Sanguibacter keddieii,Saprospira grandis,Scardovia inopinata,Sebaldella termitidis,Sedimenticola thiotaurini,Sediminicola sp. YIK13,Sediminispirochaeta smaragdinae,Segniliparus rotundus,Selenomonas ruminantium,Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 136,Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 478,Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 920,Selenomonas sputigena,Seonamhaeicola sp. S2-3,Serinicoccus sp. JLT9,Serratia ficaria,Serratia fonticola,Serratia liquefaciens,Serratia marcescens,Serratia phage Eta,Serratia phage phiMAM1,Serratia plymuthica,Serratia proteamaculans,Serratia rubidaea,Serratia sp. ATCC 39006,Serratia sp. FGI94,Serratia sp. FS14,Serratia sp. SCBI,Serratia sp. YD25,Sewage derived gemykrogvirus 1,Sewage-associated gemycircularvirus 1,Shewanella amazonensis,Shewanella baltica,Shewanella bicestrii,Shewanella denitrificans,Shewanella frigidimarina,Shewanella halifaxensis,Shewanella japonica,Shewanella loihica,Shewanella marisflavi,Shewanella oneidensis,Shewanella pealeana,Shewanella piezotolerans,Shewanella psychrophila,Shewanella putrefaciens,Shewanella sediminis,Shewanella sp. ANA-3,Shewanella sp. FDAARGOS_354,Shewanella sp. MR-4,Shewanella sp. MR-7,Shewanella sp. W3-18-1,Shewanella violacea,Shewanella woodyi,Shigella dysenteriae,Shigella flexneri,Shigella phage pSf-1,Shigella virus AG3,Shigella virus SP18,Shigella virus Sb1,Shigella virus SfMu,Shimwellia blattae,Shinella sp. HZN7,Siansivirga zeaxanthinifaciens,Sideroxydans lithotrophicus,Simiduia agarivorans,Simkania negevensis,Singulisphaera acidiphila,Sinomonas atrocyanea,Sinorhizobium americanum,Sinorhizobium fredii,Sinorhizobium medicae,Sinorhizobium meliloti,Sinorhizobium phage phiLM21,Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05631,Sinorhizobium sp. RAC02,Slackia heliotrinireducens,Sneathia amnii,Snodgrassella alvi,Sodalis endosymbiont of Henestaris halophilus,Sodalis glossinidius,Sodalis phage phiSG1,Sodalis praecaptivus,Sodalis virus SO1,Solibacillus silvestris,Solibacillus sp. R5-41,Solitalea canadensis,Sorangium cellulosum,Soybean chlorotic blotch virus,Soybean mild mottle virus,Sphaerobacter thermophilus,Sphaerochaeta globosa,Sphaerochaeta pleomorpha,Sphingobacteriaceae bacterium GW460-11-11-14-LB5,Sphingobacterium mizutaii,Sphingobacterium sp. 21,Sphingobacterium sp. B29,Sphingobacterium sp. G1-14,Sphingobacterium sp. ML3W,Sphingobium baderi,Sphingobium chlorophenolicum,Sphingobium cloacae,Sphingobium herbicidovorans,Sphingobium hydrophobicum,Sphingobium indicum,Sphingobium japonicum,Sphingobium sp. EP60837,Sphingobium sp. MI1205,Sphingobium sp. RAC03,Sphingobium sp. SYK-6,Sphingobium sp. TKS,Sphingobium sp. YBL2,Sphingobium yanoikuyae,Sphingomonas hengshuiensis,Sphingomonas koreensis,Sphingomonas melonis,Sphingomonas panacis,Sphingomonas sanxanigenens,Sphingomonas sp. Cra20,Sphingomonas sp. DC-6,Sphingomonas sp. JJ-A5,Sphingomonas sp. KC8,Sphingomonas sp. LK11,Sphingomonas sp. LM7,Sphingomonas sp. MM-1,Sphingomonas sp. NIC1,Sphingomonas taxi,Sphingomonas wittichii,Sphingopyxis alaskensis,Sphingopyxis fribergensis,Sphingopyxis granuli,Sphingopyxis macrogoltabida,Sphingopyxis sp. 113P3,Sphingopyxis sp. LPB0140,Sphingopyxis sp. QXT-31,Sphingopyxis terrae,Sphingorhabdus flavimaris,Sphingorhabdus sp. M41,Sphingorhabdus sp. YGSMI21,Spiribacter curvatus,Spiribacter salinus,Spirochaeta africana,Spirochaeta thermophila,Spiroplasma apis,Spiroplasma cantharicola,Spiroplasma citri,Spiroplasma culicicola,Spiroplasma diminutum,Spiroplasma eriocheiris,Spiroplasma floricola,Spiroplasma helicoides,Spiroplasma kunkelii,Spiroplasma monobiae,Spiroplasma taiwanense,Spirosoma aerolatum,Spirosoma montaniterrae,Spirosoma radiotolerans,Spirosoma rigui,Spirosoma sp. HA7,Spodoptera frugiperda ascovirus 1a,Spodoptera frugiperda granulovirus,Spodoptera litura granulovirus,Spodoptera litura nucleopolyhedrovirus,Spongiibacter sp. IMCC21906,Sporosarcina psychrophila,Sporosarcina sp. P33,Sporosarcina sp. P37,Sporosarcina ureae,Stackebrandtia nassauensis,Stanieria cyanosphaera,Stanieria sp. NIES-3757,Staphylococcus agnetis,Staphylococcus argenteus,Staphylococcus aureus,Staphylococcus capitis,Staphylococcus carnosus,Staphylococcus condimenti,Staphylococcus epidermidis,Staphylococcus equorum,Staphylococcus haemolyticus,Staphylococcus hominis,Staphylococcus hyicus,Staphylococcus lugdunensis,Staphylococcus lutrae,Staphylococcus muscae,Staphylococcus nepalensis,Staphylococcus pasteuri,Staphylococcus pettenkoferi,Staphylococcus phage 2638A,Staphylococcus phage B236,Staphylococcus phage DW2,Staphylococcus phage IME-SA4,Staphylococcus phage P954,Staphylococcus phage ROSA,Staphylococcus phage SA1,Staphylococcus phage StB12,Staphylococcus phage StB20,Staphylococcus phage StB20-like,Staphylococcus phage StB27,Staphylococcus phage phiRS7,Staphylococcus piscifermentans,Staphylococcus pseudintermedius,Staphylococcus saprophyticus,Staphylococcus schleiferi,Staphylococcus sciuri,Staphylococcus simiae,Staphylococcus simulans,Staphylococcus sp. AntiMn-1,Staphylococcus stepanovicii,Staphylococcus succinus,Staphylococcus virus 29,Staphylococcus virus 37,Staphylococcus virus 71,Staphylococcus virus CNPH82,Staphylococcus virus G1,Staphylococcus virus IPLA5,Staphylococcus virus IPLA7,Staphylococcus virus IPLAC1C,Staphylococcus virus MCE2014,Staphylococcus virus P108,Staphylococcus virus PH15,Staphylococcus virus Rodi,Staphylococcus virus S25-4,Staphylococcus virus S253,Staphylococcus virus SA11,Staphylococcus virus SA12,Staphylococcus virus SEP9,Staphylococcus virus Sextaec,Staphylococcus virus X2,Staphylococcus warneri,Staphylococcus xylosus,Starkeya novella,Stenotrophomonas acidaminiphila,Stenotrophomonas maltophilia,Stenotrophomonas nitritireducens,Stenotrophomonas phage S1,Stenotrophomonas phage Smp131,Stenotrophomonas phage phiSHP2,Stenotrophomonas phage vB_SmaS-DLP,Stenotrophomonas rhizophila,Stenotrophomonas sp. LM091,Stenotrophomonas sp. WZN-1,Stenotrophomonas virus IME13,Stenotrophomonas virus PSH1,Stenotrophomonas virus SMA7,Stenotrophomonas virus SMA9,Steroidobacter denitrificans,Stigmatella aurantiaca,Streptobacillus moniliformis,Streptococcus acidominimus,Streptococcus agalactiae,Streptococcus anginosus,Streptococcus constellatus,Streptococcus cristatus,Streptococcus dysgalactiae,Streptococcus equi,Streptococcus gallolyticus,Streptococcus gordonii,Streptococcus halotolerans,Streptococcus himalayensis,Streptococcus infantarius,Streptococcus iniae,Streptococcus intermedius,Streptococcus lutetiensis,Streptococcus macedonicus,Streptococcus marmotae,Streptococcus merionis,Streptococcus mitis,Streptococcus mutans,Streptococcus oralis,Streptococcus pantholopis,Streptococcus parasanguinis,Streptococcus parauberis,Streptococcus pasteurianus,Streptococcus phage 20617,Streptococcus phage 5093,Streptococcus phage APCM01,Streptococcus phage Dp-1,Streptococcus phage EJ-1,Streptococcus phage K13,Streptococcus phage P9,Streptococcus phage PH10,Streptococcus phage PH15,Streptococcus phage SM1,Streptococcus phage SMP,Streptococcus phage SpSL1,Streptococcus phage Str-PAP-1,Streptococcus phage TP-778L,Streptococcus phage TP-J34,Streptococcus phage YMC-2011,Streptococcus phage phiARI0131-1,Streptococcus phage phiARI0131-2,Streptococcus phage phiARI0460-1,Streptococcus phage phiARI0468-2,Streptococcus phage phiARI0468-4,Streptococcus phage phiARI0746,Streptococcus phage phiARI0923,Streptococcus pneumoniae,Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae,Streptococcus pyogenes,Streptococcus salivarius,Streptococcus sanguinis,Streptococcus sp. A12,Streptococcus sp. FDAARGOS_192,Streptococcus sp. I-G2,Streptococcus sp. I-P16,Streptococcus sp. NPS 308,Streptococcus sp. oral taxon 431,Streptococcus suis,Streptococcus thermophilus,Streptococcus uberis,Streptococcus virus 2972,Streptococcus virus 7201,Streptococcus virus 858,Streptococcus virus 9871,Streptococcus virus 9872,Streptococcus virus 9874,Streptococcus virus ALQ132,Streptococcus virus Cp1,Streptococcus virus DT1,Streptococcus virus O1205,Streptococcus virus Sfi11,Streptococcus virus Sfi19,Streptococcus virus Sfi21,Streptococcus virus phiAbc2,Streptomyces albireticuli,Streptomyces alboflavus,Streptomyces albulus,Streptomyces albus,Streptomyces alfalfae,Streptomyces ambofaciens,Streptomyces autolyticus,Streptomyces avermitilis,Streptomyces bingchenggensis,Streptomyces cattleya,Streptomyces chartreusis,Streptomyces clavuligerus,Streptomyces coelicolor,Streptomyces collinus,Streptomyces cyaneogriseus,Streptomyces formicae,Streptomyces fulvissimus,Streptomyces gilvosporeus,Streptomyces glaucescens,Streptomyces globisporus,Streptomyces griseochromogenes,Streptomyces griseus,Streptomyces hygroscopicus,Streptomyces lavendulae,Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii,Streptomyces lincolnensis,Streptomyces lividans,Streptomyces lydicus,Streptomyces malaysiensis,Streptomyces niveus,Streptomyces noursei,Streptomyces pactum,Streptomyces parvulus,Streptomyces peucetius,Streptomyces phage phiSAJS1,Streptomyces pluripotens,Streptomyces pratensis,Streptomyces pristinaespiralis,Streptomyces puniciscabiei,Streptomyces reticuli,Streptomyces rubrolavendulae,Streptomyces sampsonii,Streptomyces scabiei,Streptomyces sp. 3211,Streptomyces sp. 4F,Streptomyces sp. 769,Streptomyces sp. CCM_MD2014,Streptomyces sp. CFMR 7,Streptomyces sp. CLI2509,Streptomyces sp. CMB-StM0423,Streptomyces sp. CNQ-509,Streptomyces sp. CdTB01,Streptomyces sp. FR-008,Streptomyces sp. M56,Streptomyces sp. MOE7,Streptomyces sp. Mg1,Streptomyces sp. PAMC 26508,Streptomyces sp. RTd22,Streptomyces sp. S10(2016),Streptomyces sp. S8,Streptomyces sp. SAT1,Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 03032,Streptomyces sp. Sge12,Streptomyces sp. SirexAA-E,Streptomyces sp. TN58,Streptomyces sp. Tue 6075,Streptomyces sp. fd1-xmd,Streptomyces venezuelae,Streptomyces vietnamensis,Streptomyces violaceoruber,Streptomyces violaceusniger,Streptomyces virus phiHau3,Streptomyces xiamenensis,Streptomyces xinghaiensis,Streptosporangium roseum,Sugarcane bacilliform IM virus,Sugiyamaella lignohabitans,Suid betaherpesvirus 2,Sulfitobacter pseudonitzschiae,Sulfitobacter sp. AM1-D1,Sulfuricaulis limicola,Sulfuricella denitrificans,Sulfuricurvum kujiense,Sulfuriferula sp. AH1,Sulfurifustis variabilis,Sulfurihydrogenibium azorense,Sulfurimonas denitrificans,Sulfuritalea hydrogenivorans,Sulfurospirillum barnesii,Sulfurospirillum cavolei,Sulfurospirillum deleyianum,Sulfurospirillum halorespirans,Sulfurospirillum multivorans,Sulfurospirillum sp. JPD-1,Sulfurospirillum sp. SL2-1,Sulfurospirillum sp. UCH001,Symbiobacterium thermophilum,Synechococcus lividus,Synechococcus phage ACG-2014d,Synechococcus phage ACG-2014e,Synechococcus phage ACG-2014h,Synechococcus phage ACG-2014i,Synechococcus phage S-CAM1,Synechococcus phage S-CAM3,Synechococcus phage S-IOM18,Synechococcus phage S-PM2,Synechococcus phage S-RIM2,Synechococcus phage S-RSM4,Synechococcus phage S-SKS1,Synechococcus phage S-SM1,Synechococcus phage S-SM2,Synechococcus phage S-SSM7,Synechococcus phage S-ShM2,Synechococcus phage S-WAM1,Synechococcus phage S-WAM2,Synechococcus phage syn9,Synechococcus sp. CC9311,Synechococcus sp. CC9605,Synechococcus sp. CC9902,Synechococcus sp. JA-2-3B'a(2-13),Synechococcus sp. JA-3-3Ab,Synechococcus sp. KORDI-100,Synechococcus sp. KORDI-49,Synechococcus sp. KORDI-52,Synechococcus sp. NIES-970,Synechococcus sp. PCC 6312,Synechococcus sp. PCC 7003,Synechococcus sp. PCC 7117,Synechococcus sp. PCC 7502,Synechococcus sp. RCC307,Synechococcus sp. SynAce01,Synechococcus sp. WH 7803,Synechococcus sp. WH 8102,Synechococcus sp. WH 8103,Synechococcus sp. WH 8109,Synechocystis sp. PCC 6714,Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans,Syntrophobotulus glycolicus,Syntrophomonas wolfei,Syntrophus aciditrophicus,Tamlana sp. UJ94,Tannerella forsythia,Tannerella sp. oral taxon HOT-286,Tateyamaria omphalii,Tatlockia micdadei,Tatumella citrea,Tenacibaculum dicentrarchi,Tenacibaculum jejuense,Tenacibaculum maritimum,Tenacibaculum sp. LPB0136,Tepidanaerobacter acetatoxydans,Teredinibacter turnerae,Terribacillus aidingensis,Terriglobus roseus,Terriglobus saanensis,Tessaracoccus aquimaris,Tessaracoccus flavescens,Tessaracoccus flavus,Tessaracoccus sp. T2.5-30,Tetragenococcus halophilus,Thalassolituus oleivorans,Thalassospira sp. CSC3H3,Thalassospira xiamenensis,Thalassotalea crassostreae,Thauera chlorobenzoica,Thauera humireducens,Thauera sp. K11,Thauera sp. MZ1T,Theileria orientalis,Thermacetogenium phaeum,Thermaerobacter marianensis,Thermanaerovibrio acidaminovorans,Thermoanaerobacter kivui,Thermoanaerobacter wiegelii,Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum,Thermoanaerobacterium xylanolyticum,Thermobacillus composti,Thermobaculum terrenum,Thermobifida fusca,Thermobispora bispora,Thermococcus kodakarensis,Thermococcus litoralis,Thermococcus peptonophilus,Thermocrinis ruber,Thermodesulfobacterium commune,Thermogutta terrifontis,Thermomicrobium roseum,Thermomonospora curvata,Thermosynechococcus elongatus,Thermothelomyces thermophila,Thermus aquaticus,Thermus brockianus,Thermus oshimai,Thermus parvatiensis,Thermus phage phiYS40,Thermus scotoductus,Thermus sp. CCB_US3_UF1,Thermus thermophilus,Thielavia terrestris,Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens,Thioalkalivibrio paradoxus,Thioalkalivibrio sp. K90mix,Thioalkalivibrio sulfidiphilus,Thioalkalivibrio versutus,Thiobacillus denitrificans,Thiobacimonas profunda,Thioclava nitratireducens,Thiocystis violascens,Thioflavicoccus mobilis,Thiohalobacter thiocyanaticus,Thiolapillus brandeum,Thiomicrospira aerophila,Thiomicrospira cyclica,Thiomonas intermedia,Thioploca ingrica,Thrips-associated genomovirus 2,Tipula oleracea nudivirus,Tistrella mobilis,Tobacco vein clearing virus,Tokyovirus A1,Tolumonas auensis,Treponema azotonutricium,Treponema brennaborense,Treponema caldarium,Treponema denticola,Treponema pedis,Treponema primitia,Treponema putidum,Treponema sp. OMZ 838,Treponema succinifaciens,Trichodesmium erythraeum,Trichoplusia ni ascovirus 2c,Trichoplusia ni single nucleopolyhedrovirus,Trichormus azollae,Trichormus variabilis,Tropheryma whipplei,Truepera radiovictrix,Trueperella pyogenes,Tsukamurella paurometabola,Tsukamurella phage TPA2,Tsukamurella phage TPA4,Tsukamurella sp. MH1,Tsukamurella virus TIN2,Tsukamurella virus TIN3,Tumebacillus algifaecis,Tumebacillus sp. AR23208,Turicibacter sp. H121,Turneriella parva,Ureaplasma parvum,Ureaplasma urealyticum,Urochloa streak virus,Vagococcus penaei,Vagococcus teuberi,Variibacter gotjawalensis,Variovorax boronicumulans,Variovorax paradoxus,Variovorax sp. PAMC 28711,Veillonella parvula,Veillonella rodentium,Verminephrobacter eiseniae,Verrucomicrobia bacterium,Verrucomicrobia bacterium IMCC26134,Verrucosispora maris,Vibrio alginolyticus,Vibrio anguillarum,Vibrio antiquarius,Vibrio breoganii,Vibrio campbellii,Vibrio cholerae,Vibrio coralliilyticus,Vibrio fluvialis,Vibrio furnissii,Vibrio gazogenes,Vibrio harveyi,Vibrio hyugaensis,Vibrio jasicida,Vibrio mimicus,Vibrio natriegens,Vibrio nigripulchritudo,Vibrio owensii,Vibrio parahaemolyticus,Vibrio phage JA-1,Vibrio phage PVA1,Vibrio phage PWH3a-P1,Vibrio phage VBP32,Vibrio phage VH7D,Vibrio phage VP93,Vibrio phage VpKK5,Vibrio phage VvAW1,Vibrio phage pVp-1,Vibrio phage pYD21-A,Vibrio phage pYD38-A,Vibrio phage pYD38-B,Vibrio phage phi-A318,Vibrio qinghaiensis,Vibrio rotiferianus,Vibrio scophthalmi,Vibrio shilonii,Vibrio sp. 2521-89,Vibrio sp. EJY3,Vibrio tapetis,Vibrio tasmaniensis,Vibrio tritonius,Vibrio tubiashii,Vibrio virus MAR10,Vibrio virus VP882,Vibrio virus ValKK3,Vibrio vulnificus,Virgibacillus halodenitrificans,Virgibacillus necropolis,Virgibacillus pantothenticus,Virgibacillus sp. 6R,Virgibacillus sp. LM2416,Virgibacillus sp. SK37,Vitreoscilla filiformis,Vulgatibacter incomptus,Waddlia chondrophila,Weeksella virosa,Weissella ceti,Weissella cibaria,Weissella jogaejeotgali,Weissella koreensis,Weissella paramesenteroides,Weissella phage WCP30,Weissella phage phiYS61,Wenyingzhuangia fucanilytica,Wenzhouxiangella marina,White spot syndrome virus,Winogradskyella sp. J14-2,Winogradskyella sp. PG-2,Woeseia oceani,Wolbachia endosymbiont of Brugia malayi,Wolbachia endosymbiont of Cimex lectularius,Wolbachia endosymbiont of Drosophila melanogaster,Wolbachia endosymbiont of Drosophila simulans,Wolbachia sp. wRi,Wolinella succinogenes,Xanthobacter autotrophicus,Xanthomonas albilineans,Xanthomonas alfalfae,Xanthomonas campestris,Xanthomonas citri,Xanthomonas citri phage CP2,Xanthomonas euvesicatoria,Xanthomonas fragariae,Xanthomonas fuscans,Xanthomonas gardneri,Xanthomonas hortorum,Xanthomonas oryzae,Xanthomonas perforans,Xanthomonas phage vB_XveM_DIBBI,Xanthomonas phaseoli,Xanthomonas sacchari,Xanthomonas translucens,Xanthomonas vesicatoria,Xanthomonas virus CP1,Xanthomonas virus phil7,Xenorhabdus bovienii,Xenorhabdus doucetiae,Xenorhabdus hominickii,Xenorhabdus nematophila,Xenorhabdus poinarii,Xylanimonas cellulosilytica,Xylella fastidiosa,Xylella phage Paz,Xylella virus Prado,Yangia sp. CCB-MM3,Yersinia aldovae,Yersinia aleksiciae,Yersinia enterocolitica,Yersinia frederiksenii,Yersinia intermedia,Yersinia pestis,Yersinia phage phiR201,Yersinia phage phiYeO3-12,Yersinia phage vB_YenP_AP10,Yersinia phage vB_YenP_AP5,Yersinia pseudotuberculosis,Yersinia rohdei,Yersinia ruckeri,Yersinia similis,Yersinia sp. FDAARGOS_228,Zhongshania aliphaticivorans,Zobellella denitrificans,Zobellia galactanivorans,Zunongwangia profunda,Zymomonas mobilis,[Bacillus] selenitireducens,[Clostridium] bolteae,[Clostridium] cellulolyticum,[Clostridium] cellulosi,[Clostridium] clariflavum,[Clostridium] saccharolyticum,[Clostridium] stercorarium,[Clostridium] thermosuccinogenes,[Enterobacter] lignolyticus,[Eubacterium] eligens,[Eubacterium] hallii,[Eubacterium] rectale,[Eubacterium] sulci,[Haemophilus] ducreyi,[Mannheimia] succiniciproducens,[Polyangium] brachysporum,[Pseudomonas] mesoacidophila,alpha proteobacterium HIMB5,alpha proteobacterium HIMB59,beta proteobacterium CB,cyanobacterium endosymbiont of Epithemia turgida,endosymbiont 'TC1' of Trimyema compressum,endosymbiont of Acanthamoeba sp. UWC8,endosymbiont of unidentified scaly snail isolate Monju,gamma proteobacterium HdN1,halophilic archaeon DL31,halophilic archaeon True-ADL,secondary endosymbiont of Ctenarytaina eucalypti,secondary endosymbiont of Heteropsylla cubana,uncultured crAssphage,city_longitude,city_latitude
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254769,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0012,0.00029,0.0,0.00036,0.00029,0.00141,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0005,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00822,0.00726,0.0017,0.0075,0.00464,0.02213,0.00543,0.00108,0.00305,0.00214,0.00126,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00513,0.12034,0.00368,0.00296,0.03219,0.01749,0.00849,0.02858,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00031,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,8e-05,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00073,0.00025,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00058,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00257,2e-05,0.00025,0.0001,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,0.0001,9e-05,0.00017,3e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00022,0.00031,0.00011,4e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00028,9e-05,0.00012,0.00031,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,5e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00066,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00058,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00185,0.00036,0.00027,0.00017,0.00017,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.01292,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00042,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0077,0.00056,0.00338,0.0067,0.00056,0.0003,0.00034,0.00834,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01051,0.00154,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0002,0.00042,0.00211,0.0,0.00036,0.00085,0.00037,0.00293,0.00031,0.00043,0.00074,0.00041,0.00033,0.00042,0.00019,0.00033,7e-05,0.00031,0.00083,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00045,0.00041,0.00027,0.00018,0.00019,0.0004,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00706,0.00886,0.00378,0.00788,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00969,0.00573,0.00435,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00024,0.00057,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00015,0.0001,0.00044,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00058,0.00057,0.00024,0.0,0.00101,0.0,0.00096,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.00056,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.01088,0.01071,0.02529,0.00029,0.00131,0.00115,0.00142,0.00677,0.00024,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00372,0.00102,0.00061,0.00068,0.00652,0.00069,0.00024,0.00533,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00178,0.0,0.0,0.00897,0.0,0.00205,1e-05,4e-05,0.00043,0.00088,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.00061,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00077,0.00174,0.00155,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00017,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00238,0.00861,0.00099,0.00159,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00152,0.00034,0.00038,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00035,0.00184,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00063,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00893,0.00325,0.0076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01048,0.00062,0.00352,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0025,0.0,0.00013,0.00018,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01789,0.00427,0.00534,0.00568,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00128,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01196,0.01357,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00891,0.0068,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00131,0.00013,0.00014,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00037,0.00022,0.00018,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00014,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00303,0.00169,0.00103,0.00096,0.0012,0.00482,0.003,0.00073,0.00291,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.00011,2e-05,6e-05,0.00044,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.00052,0.0012,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,0.00066,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00274,0.0003,0.0,0.01607,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00121,0.00016,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00132,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.00024,3e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00063,0.00015,0.0002,0.00018,0.00012,0.00041,7e-05,0.00035,6e-05,3e-05,0.00029,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,0.00028,0.0002,0.00139,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.15648,0.00032,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00019,9e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.01422,0.00269,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00262,0.01576,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00248,0.0021,0.00133,0.00426,0.0,0.0,0.00198,0.00083,0.00072,0.00028,0.00109,0.00011,0.00011,0.00092,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00528,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.00059,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00028,0.0057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.002,0.00083,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.00032,0.00064,0.00037,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00078,0.00049,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0002,0.0,7e-05,0.00695,0.0,0.00011,0.01426,0.00024,0.00038,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254770,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00249,0.00124,0.0,0.00126,0.00274,0.00531,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00501,0.01153,0.00061,0.00228,0.00159,0.00582,0.00165,0.00034,0.00069,0.00086,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00516,0.07038,0.0049,0.00084,0.01554,0.00726,0.00244,0.00419,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.00079,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00146,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00033,0.00012,0.0008,0.00015,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,5e-05,3e-05,0.00012,5e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00015,0.00022,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0002,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00012,0.00029,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00014,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00012,0.00014,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00354,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.00017,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00277,0.0002,0.00125,0.00329,0.00077,0.00024,0.00022,0.00274,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00267,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00199,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.0001,0.00036,0.0,0.00019,0.00024,0.00028,0.00129,0.00016,0.00014,0.00015,0.00017,0.0001,7e-05,9e-05,0.00044,6e-05,0.00033,0.00024,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00018,0.00013,0.00012,6e-05,0.00015,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00199,0.00189,0.00084,0.00151,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00208,0.00145,0.00101,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00053,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00019,0.0001,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.30789,0.00502,0.021,0.00066,0.00115,0.00104,0.00051,0.00809,0.00041,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00159,0.0001,0.00045,0.00028,0.00171,0.00048,0.00022,0.00113,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00078,1e-05,0.0,0.00191,1e-05,0.00367,0.0001,0.00013,0.00421,0.0035,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00048,0.00351,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0007,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00108,0.06212,0.00094,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.0003,0.00323,0.00053,0.00062,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00041,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00245,0.00221,0.00655,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00421,0.00035,0.00089,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00247,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,4e-05,0.00029,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0025,0.0012,0.00131,0.00111,0.0,0.0,0.00089,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00171,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00118,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.14507,0.01891,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00362,0.00254,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00064,0.0003,0.00135,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.00035,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00271,0.00044,0.00071,0.0008,0.00091,0.0042,0.00086,0.00053,0.00208,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.0001,2e-05,7e-05,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00052,0.00035,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00558,3e-05,0.0,0.00187,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0298,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00039,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00042,0.0001,0.0,0.0002,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.00028,0.00029,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00027,3e-05,0.00014,0.00032,0.00019,0.00011,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00157,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,7e-05,8e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.01394,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00012,3e-05,1e-05,0.00521,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00999,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00016,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.00253,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00118,0.00675,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00055,0.00061,0.00029,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00042,0.00023,0.0001,0.00023,3e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00147,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00078,0.00015,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00164,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.00031,0.00031,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00017,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0093,0.0,3e-05,0.00266,0.00012,9e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254771,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.00053,0.0,0.00066,0.00141,0.00289,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00073,8e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.00019,0.00047,0.0002,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0542,0.0,6e-05,0.00128,0.00035,0.00018,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00074,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00066,0.00023,0.00079,0.00017,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00017,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00036,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00014,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.00016,0.00031,5e-05,4e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00292,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00125,0.00055,0.02935,0.00027,0.00053,0.00195,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00154,0.00013,0.00075,0.00174,0.00025,0.00032,9e-05,0.00181,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00161,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00136,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,7e-05,0.00097,8e-05,3e-05,0.00013,3e-05,6e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,0.00055,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00163,0.00152,0.00077,0.00113,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0019,0.00126,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00012,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00204,0.00188,0.00567,0.00011,0.00029,0.0003,0.00026,0.00114,0.00019,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,4e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00136,0.00022,0.00016,0.00075,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00055,6e-05,2e-05,0.0013,0.0,0.00019,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00047,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00085,0.03913,0.00043,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00049,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,6e-05,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00016,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00189,0.00073,0.00154,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00834,4e-05,0.0005,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.00093,0.00091,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.02533,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01571,0.17648,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0015,0.00142,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00072,0.00047,0.00027,0.00169,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00167,0.00037,0.00031,0.00078,0.00049,0.00097,0.00072,0.00028,0.00112,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00035,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,6e-05,0.0,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0047,0.00038,0.00024,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.15333,0.00013,3e-05,0.00039,5e-05,0.00044,4e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.00043,6e-05,0.00021,0.00028,0.00021,0.00022,0.0001,0.00211,0.00029,5e-05,0.00018,0.00188,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.0005,0.00017,0.00681,0.00021,6e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00016,0.00017,5e-05,5e-05,7e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.00548,0.00031,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.00028,8e-05,4e-05,0.28812,0.00012,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.00175,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00118,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00112,0.0,0.00133,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00425,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00069,0.00016,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00041,5e-05,0.00011,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00127,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.0005,0.00064,0.00017,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0004,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.02574,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00027,0.00015,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.01314,0.0,4e-05,0.00217,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254772,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00325,0.00058,0.00016,0.00059,0.00104,0.00283,0.00114,0.00011,0.00019,0.00046,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00115,0.23812,0.00026,0.00035,0.01166,0.00307,0.00086,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00094,0.00027,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00512,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00045,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00014,0.00026,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00043,0.00015,0.00027,0.00013,0.00011,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,8e-05,0.00035,0.00015,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00219,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00015,0.00052,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0001,0.00015,0.00083,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00015,0.00053,0.00296,0.0,0.00059,0.00084,0.00057,0.00323,0.00077,0.00034,0.00044,0.00068,0.00046,0.00047,0.00017,0.00144,7e-05,0.00049,0.00084,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00051,0.00066,0.00041,0.0003,0.00025,0.00052,0.0004,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00298,0.00444,0.0012,0.00413,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00378,0.0025,0.00175,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00017,0.00101,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.00019,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00135,0.00096,0.00242,0.00012,5e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.00096,8e-05,0.0,0.00063,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,0.00011,0.00052,7e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00017,0.00078,8e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00024,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00098,0.00023,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00027,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00055,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,0.00055,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00965,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00044,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00052,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0049,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00108,0.00058,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00107,0.0001,0.00034,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,4e-05,0.00041,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00179,0.00053,0.00058,0.00088,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0023,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00093,0.00064,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00048,0.00098,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00059,0.00021,0.00029,0.00119,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00037,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00588,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,6e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.00011,4e-05,0.00012,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00244,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00013,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00037,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00158,0.00022,0.00022,0.00013,0.00014,0.00381,0.00079,0.00014,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00023,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.0006,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00044,3e-05,0.0,0.00143,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00558,0.00036,0.00024,0.00012,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00146,8e-05,2e-05,0.00035,7e-05,0.0003,8e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0008,7e-05,0.00013,0.00022,0.00015,0.00036,1e-05,0.00085,8e-05,8e-05,0.0033,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,0.0007,0.0018,0.00102,0.0002,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.00032,2e-05,1e-05,0.00019,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00015,2e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,6e-05,0.49445,0.00021,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00099,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00065,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00055,7e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00247,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00054,0.00017,0.00027,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0003,6e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00097,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00402,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00066,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00037,7e-05,0.00012,0.03223,3e-05,0.0001,0.00176,0.00032,0.00047,0.00054,0.00011,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254773,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00014,0.0,0.00022,0.00019,0.00084,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.00039,0.00043,0.00019,0.00027,0.00072,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.00029,0.02291,0.00123,0.00096,0.00114,0.00182,0.00857,0.00187,0.00041,0.00046,0.07256,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00662,0.03894,0.00102,0.00086,0.00672,0.00476,0.00162,0.00263,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00012,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00035,0.00255,0.0001,0.00041,0.00016,0.0,0.00155,0.0,0.00091,0.00089,0.00071,0.0002,0.00014,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.0,0.00085,0.00118,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00021,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00025,0.00017,0.00018,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0004,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00037,0.00012,4e-05,0.00021,0.00021,0.00018,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00049,0.00039,0.00029,0.00032,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00015,0.0,0.00045,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00329,0.0,0.00034,0.00076,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00042,0.00045,8e-05,0.00017,0.00032,0.00066,2e-05,0.00071,8e-05,0.00015,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,0.0001,0.00017,8e-05,0.00055,6e-05,0.00045,0.00017,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00243,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00047,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00035,6e-05,0.00021,0.00038,0.00016,8e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00044,0.00126,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0001,8e-05,6e-05,0.00015,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00039,0.0001,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00017,0.00635,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0002,0.0001,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00017,0.00017,0.00039,0.00026,0.0,0.0009,0.00101,0.00097,0.00076,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00057,0.00036,0.0002,0.00024,0.0002,0.00019,0.00025,0.00016,0.00026,0.00029,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00091,0.00079,0.00036,0.0007,0.00042,0.00033,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.0001,0.00017,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00013,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,7e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.01068,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00103,0.0,0.00052,0.00019,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,8e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0002,0.0005,0.00013,0.00028,0.0,0.00033,0.00031,0.00033,0.0,5e-05,0.00029,5e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.0,0.00086,0.0009,0.00056,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00083,4e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00013,2e-05,0.0001,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00012,0.00015,0.00039,8e-05,0.00018,0.00015,0.00015,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,5e-05,0.00053,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00038,0.0,0.00034,0.00019,0.00031,0.00022,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00062,7e-05,0.00016,0.00033,0.00035,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0002,0.0002,0.00028,0.00071,0.0008,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00014,4e-05,0.00018,0.00124,0.00039,0.00019,0.00032,1e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00022,0.00031,0.00054,3e-05,0.00015,0.00034,0.00032,0.00054,0.00015,0.00012,0.00039,0.00029,0.00098,0.00138,0.00125,0.0,9e-05,0.00021,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00047,0.00144,0.00027,0.00029,0.00021,0.00013,0.00073,8e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.00055,0.00178,0.00015,0.00079,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.00036,0.00013,9e-05,0.00027,8e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00041,0.0,0.00032,0.00036,0.00017,0.00032,0.00012,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00071,0.00076,0.00065,0.0655,0.00038,0.00225,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00028,0.00084,0.00241,0.00021,0.00016,0.00019,0.00078,0.00135,0.00038,0.00633,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00242,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00042,0.00017,3e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00037,0.0,0.00016,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.00018,0.00037,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00018,0.0001,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00053,0.00014,0.00102,8e-05,0.0001,0.0001,3e-05,0.0005,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00027,0.00026,1e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.00027,0.00029,0.00021,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00014,0.00199,0.00558,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00019,0.0001,0.00041,0.00012,9e-05,0.00136,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00028,0.00046,0.00022,7e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00239,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00071,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00035,2e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00013,0.00043,0.00029,0.00019,0.00012,6e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00192,0.00064,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00157,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,9e-05,6e-05,0.0006,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00462,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,5e-05,6e-05,0.00039,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00034,0.00033,0.00027,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00193,0.00115,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00014,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00033,4e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00034,0.00026,0.00027,0.00013,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00046,0.00064,0.0,0.00203,0.00477,0.00105,0.00133,0.00279,0.00201,0.00378,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00012,0.0,8e-05,0.00113,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.00184,6e-05,0.00098,0.00073,0.0,0.00055,7e-05,0.00055,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00038,0.00125,0.0,9e-05,0.00032,0.00037,0.00018,8e-05,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00818,0.00012,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00119,0.00496,0.00664,0.00429,0.00537,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00047,7e-05,0.0001,0.0001,2e-05,0.00108,9e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00025,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.00017,0.00028,0.0,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,0.00027,1e-05,0.00017,0.0004,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.0,0.0003,0.0,7e-05,0.00038,0.00025,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00136,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.00115,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.01437,0.00012,0.00027,0.00014,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00048,0.00054,0.00051,0.00026,0.00013,6e-05,0.00037,0.00013,0.00011,1e-05,0.0001,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00041,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00054,0.00014,5e-05,0.0003,0.00033,0.00033,0.00021,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,8e-05,0.00375,0.00161,0.00131,0.00428,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0002,9e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0001,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,6e-05,0.00107,0.0013,0.00039,0.00029,0.00026,0.00094,0.00064,0.00065,0.00022,0.00029,7e-05,0.00011,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00056,8e-05,0.00146,0.00102,0.00111,0.00095,0.0,0.00019,0.00086,0.00023,0.0013,0.00068,0.00044,0.00068,0.00068,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.01081,0.00011,0.0,0.00168,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00039,0.00064,0.00034,1e-05,0.01122,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,0.01746,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00031,0.00045,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00138,0.00035,0.00023,0.00021,6e-05,0.00078,0.00024,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00025,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00034,6e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.0004,0.00021,0.00011,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00027,0.00028,1e-05,0.00019,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.01345,0.00026,0.00026,0.00012,0.00022,0.00097,5e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00027,0.00027,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00016,0.00033,0.00026,0.00043,0.00016,0.00022,0.00023,0.00022,0.00255,0.00159,0.00234,0.00014,0.00052,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,6e-05,0.0003,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00015,0.0006,0.00013,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00034,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.00351,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,4e-05,0.00014,6e-05,0.00037,0.00033,0.00012,0.012,0.00034,0.00046,0.00039,0.00067,0.0022,0.00112,0.0002,0.00246,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,3e-05,0.00016,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00019,0.00061,0.00111,0.00056,0.00046,0.0006,0.00172,0.00084,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0002,9e-05,0.00024,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00053,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00175,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00041,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00023,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00028,8e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.00013,0.00014,0.0003,8e-05,0.00023,0.00071,0.00035,0.0005,0.0001,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.00056,0.00054,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00137,0.00036,0.0003,0.00018,2e-05,0.00021,0.00027,0.00342,0.00023,0.0,0.00047,0.00016,0.00026,0.00011,0.00014,0.00027,0.00611,0.0004,0.00026,0.00021,8e-05,0.00597,0.00024,0.00063,0.00027,0.00023,0.00085,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00078,0.0004,0.03043,0.00018,0.00029,3e-05,0.00017,0.0003,0.0001,0.0001,0.00015,0.00016,0.00022,4e-05,0.00019,9e-05,0.00019,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.00017,1e-05,0.0006,0.00011,0.00027,0.01521,0.00045,8e-05,0.0001,0.00031,0.00018,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00046,1e-05,0.00041,0.00015,0.0003,0.00095,0.00035,0.00027,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00046,0.00021,0.00029,5e-05,0.00031,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,0.00011,0.00049,0.0,0.00138,0.00035,0.00022,4e-05,0.00139,0.0,7e-05,0.00046,0.00015,9e-05,0.00057,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00076,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.00036,0.00035,2e-05,0.00027,0.00032,0.00024,0.00067,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00011,0.0008,0.00028,0.00022,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.00045,2e-05,5e-05,0.00034,6e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00044,0.00071,7e-05,0.00018,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00059,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00121,0.00017,0.0001,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0003,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.00077,8e-05,0.00082,0.00172,0.0,0.00052,4e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00012,4e-05,9e-05,0.00018,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,9e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00465,0.0,0.00048,0.0004,0.00031,0.00017,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00121,0.00021,9e-05,0.00018,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00018,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00032,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00096,6e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00024,8e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0002,0.00017,0.00036,0.00014,0.00024,9e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.00033,0.00037,0.00011,0.00023,0.00073,0.00077,0.00063,0.00116,0.00107,0.00085,0.00074,0.00017,0.00019,0.00038,0.00097,0.00075,0.00068,0.00086,0.00269,0.00012,0.00036,0.00033,0.0003,0.0006,0.00019,0.0,0.00038,0.00022,2e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00019,0.0004,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.01229,0.00359,6e-05,5e-05,0.00959,0.00021,0.00195,0.01137,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00056,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00071,4e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00454,0.00011,0.0002,0.00051,0.01331,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00055,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,4e-05,0.00024,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00033,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00303,0.00011,0.00214,0.0,0.00122,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.00048,6e-05,0.00074,0.00049,0.00022,0.00012,0.00011,0.00011,0.00025,0.00057,0.00144,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00024,0.00028,0.00035,0.00025,0.00023,0.0,0.00018,0.0003,0.00034,0.00019,0.00012,0.0,0.00021,9e-05,0.0003,6e-05,0.00018,0.00022,4e-05,0.0001,0.00018,0.00039,0.00033,8e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0002,7e-05,0.00033,0.00024,0.00025,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.00021,0.00016,0.00017,0.00037,2e-05,0.00023,5e-05,0.00031,8e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.00035,0.00015,0.00014,0.00027,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00023,0.0002,0.0001,0.00027,0.0003,0.0,0.00017,0.00017,0.00016,0.00015,0.00043,0.00029,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,0.00029,0.00023,0.00049,0.0,0.00175,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00036,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.00058,0.0008,0.00143,0.00115,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,0.00015,0.00014,0.0049,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.00892,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00658,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00027,0.00014,3e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00141,0.00379,0.00112,0.00147,5e-05,0.00028,4e-05,0.0,0.00037,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00108,0.00016,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.00072,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00035,0.00037,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.00506,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.00035,0.00041,0.00276,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254774,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00029,0.0,0.00035,0.00038,0.00142,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00033,0.0002,0.00017,0.00024,0.00059,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00026,0.00354,0.00072,0.00068,0.00011,0.00049,0.00389,0.00089,0.00011,8e-05,0.00186,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0017,0.00533,0.0007,0.00012,0.00048,0.00039,0.00017,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00018,0.0,0.00164,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00056,0.01037,0.00028,0.00053,0.0002,0.0,0.00194,0.0,0.00053,0.00068,0.00048,0.00027,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,0.00144,0.0,0.00136,0.0009,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00025,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00021,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00015,0.00019,7e-05,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,9e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00019,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00048,0.00047,0.00023,0.00036,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00275,0.0,0.00034,0.00037,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00043,0.00039,9e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.00051,0.0,0.00064,0.0001,0.00023,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0003,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00012,0.00041,4e-05,0.00037,0.00023,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.00032,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00093,7e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.00015,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0001,0.0007,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.00044,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00032,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00024,6e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00364,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.00012,0.00012,0.0,0.00022,0.00023,0.00023,0.00025,0.0,0.00083,0.00074,0.0005,0.00059,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00038,0.0002,0.00013,0.00018,0.00015,9e-05,0.00015,0.00021,0.00012,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.00123,0.00047,0.00076,0.00034,0.00017,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00228,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.01674,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.00044,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00017,0.0003,0.00011,0.00027,0.0,0.00035,0.00021,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0002,8e-05,0.0,0.00074,0.00065,0.0006,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.00079,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.00057,0.00011,0.00011,0.00022,4e-05,0.00103,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0003,0.00015,0.0002,0.00017,0.0,0.00025,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.00014,0.00036,0.0001,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.00018,0.00018,0.00057,0.00061,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00013,9e-05,0.00024,0.0018,0.00034,0.00055,0.00031,0.0,0.00014,0.00014,0.00036,0.00043,0.00034,2e-05,0.0002,0.00043,0.00057,0.00087,0.00019,0.00023,0.00065,0.00041,0.00218,0.00215,0.00211,0.0,0.0001,0.00044,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00024,0.00118,0.00432,0.00056,0.00039,0.0003,0.0002,0.00111,0.0001,0.00028,6e-05,0.00056,0.01043,0.00018,0.00059,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00017,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00048,0.0,0.00012,0.00026,0.0001,0.00017,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00069,0.00053,0.00069,0.11237,0.00057,0.00368,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00026,0.00103,0.00206,0.00015,0.00016,0.00027,0.00106,0.00099,0.00038,0.00574,0.0001,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00611,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00016,0.00017,6e-05,8e-05,7e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00076,0.00011,0.00156,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,7e-05,0.00052,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00056,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,0.00018,0.00032,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00267,3e-05,0.00017,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.00034,7e-05,4e-05,0.00144,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.00059,0.00019,6e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00167,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,7e-05,0.00028,0.00025,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00145,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00418,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00297,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0014,0.00022,0.0,7e-05,0.00029,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00056,0.00036,0.00041,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00192,0.00237,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00026,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00019,0.00015,0.00023,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00028,0.00031,0.0,0.00167,0.00321,0.00072,0.001,0.00141,0.00135,0.00265,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0051,0.0,0.00041,0.0004,0.0,0.00044,9e-05,0.00086,3e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00043,0.00094,0.0,7e-05,0.00028,0.00031,0.00037,0.00016,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01589,9e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00138,0.00963,0.00438,0.00597,0.0041,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00033,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00089,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00473,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0004,6e-05,0.00021,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00029,0.00012,0.00052,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0001,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00056,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00425,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00142,0.00154,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.02369,9e-05,0.00018,0.00011,0.0,0.00053,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00056,0.00035,0.00021,9e-05,0.00011,0.00039,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,9e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00025,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.00021,0.00013,0.00012,0.00015,0.00032,0.00027,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00025,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00151,0.00095,0.00057,0.002,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.00093,0.00148,0.00033,0.00027,0.00018,0.00092,0.00034,0.00046,0.00015,0.00024,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,4e-05,0.00192,0.00092,0.00124,0.00069,0.0,0.0001,0.00075,0.00028,0.00123,0.00094,0.00065,0.00059,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.01711,5e-05,0.0,0.00166,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00036,0.00045,0.00021,6e-05,0.0072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00035,0.00827,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00019,0.00036,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0019,0.00045,0.00022,0.00023,0.0,0.00054,0.00025,0.00013,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00038,6e-05,0.00013,0.00016,0.00026,0.00015,0.00022,0.00026,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00021,6e-05,0.00016,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.05319,0.00043,0.00039,0.0002,0.00065,0.00355,9e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,0.00038,0.00022,0.00034,0.00013,0.00023,0.00031,0.00015,0.00214,0.00115,0.00196,0.00018,0.00032,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00012,0.00051,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.00011,0.01597,0.00012,0.00017,5e-05,0.00017,0.00053,0.00052,0.0001,0.00119,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00058,0.00101,0.00052,0.00031,0.00043,0.00283,0.00046,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00019,0.00016,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00158,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00018,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00017,0.00019,0.00046,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.00028,0.00013,0.00021,0.00071,0.00078,0.00204,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00035,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00167,0.00016,0.00018,0.00014,2e-05,0.00031,0.00049,0.00508,0.00025,0.0,0.00037,0.00013,0.00028,0.00011,7e-05,0.00011,0.01192,0.00084,0.00031,0.00024,0.0001,0.00374,0.00016,0.00049,0.00015,0.00018,0.00044,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.00077,0.00031,0.00326,7e-05,0.00027,6e-05,0.00012,0.00029,4e-05,0.00021,0.00024,0.00047,8e-05,4e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00014,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,1e-05,0.00026,0.00014,0.00012,0.01796,0.00032,9e-05,0.00022,0.00056,0.00024,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00039,3e-05,0.0005,7e-05,0.00025,0.00056,0.00029,0.0003,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00049,0.00015,0.0002,0.00011,0.0003,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.00082,0.0003,0.00014,5e-05,0.00127,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00011,7e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0003,0.00017,0.0,0.00016,0.00027,0.00021,0.00061,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.00015,0.00103,0.00025,0.00023,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0003,7e-05,7e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00061,0.0009,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00052,0.00011,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00065,8e-05,1e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.00022,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00109,6e-05,0.00561,0.00556,0.0,0.00033,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.01037,0.0,0.0005,0.00046,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.00591,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00071,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00111,6e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00222,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00086,6e-05,0.00014,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00021,0.00033,8e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.00021,4e-05,0.00013,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.00028,0.00018,0.00014,0.00023,0.00091,0.00081,0.00046,0.00068,0.00073,0.00071,0.00054,0.00011,0.00013,0.00022,0.00071,0.00053,0.00034,0.00047,0.00144,8e-05,0.00022,0.00024,0.00026,0.00041,9e-05,0.0,0.00019,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0002,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00186,0.00552,4e-05,0.00015,0.01259,0.00021,0.00261,0.01409,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00074,0.00117,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00025,0.0008,1e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.0002,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00084,0.00022,0.00027,0.00058,0.01923,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00059,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,0.00054,9e-05,0.00062,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00329,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00041,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.02033,0.00011,0.00948,0.0,0.00288,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00684,0.00292,6e-05,0.00272,0.00274,0.0009,0.00013,0.00025,0.00023,0.00107,0.00199,0.00149,0.00253,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0002,0.00041,0.00025,0.00013,0.00015,0.0,0.00018,0.0002,0.00026,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00029,5e-05,0.00014,0.00015,5e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00027,0.00016,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.00028,0.00017,0.00015,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00013,0.00016,0.00018,0.00025,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00031,2e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.00016,0.00018,8e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00023,0.00019,4e-05,0.00021,0.00034,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.00026,0.00014,0.00039,0.00021,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00024,0.00035,0.0,0.00309,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00028,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00069,0.00072,0.00091,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.01228,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.01457,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.01003,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.00085,0.00256,0.00075,0.00446,0.00014,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00039,7e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00012,0.0,0.00192,7e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00029,0.0003,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00995,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,6e-05,0.00028,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254775,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00024,0.0,0.00022,0.00038,0.00128,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.00025,0.00013,0.00025,0.00068,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00042,0.00024,0.00558,0.00122,0.00117,0.00141,0.00178,0.0099,0.00134,0.0002,0.00054,0.00138,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00211,0.01894,0.00086,0.00065,0.01528,0.00656,0.00156,0.00262,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00171,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00041,0.00296,0.00013,0.00031,6e-05,0.0,0.00104,0.0,0.00037,0.00027,0.00036,0.00015,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00067,0.0,0.00053,0.00047,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.00024,6e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00017,0.00016,0.00012,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00055,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00035,2e-05,0.00021,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0027,0.0,0.00027,0.00049,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00024,0.00028,6e-05,4e-05,0.00021,0.00034,5e-05,0.00039,2e-05,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00023,0.00038,4e-05,0.0003,0.00011,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00061,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00011,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00185,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,9e-05,5e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00019,0.0001,0.00011,0.0002,0.0,0.00065,0.0005,0.00052,0.00037,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00026,0.00017,9e-05,0.0001,9e-05,8e-05,5e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00092,0.00041,0.001,0.00023,0.00019,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,6e-05,5e-05,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.01481,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00111,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00015,0.00015,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,0.00049,0.00039,0.0003,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00045,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00015,0.00023,0.00073,8e-05,9e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,6e-05,0.00026,3e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,0.00022,9e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,0.00011,0.00023,0.0002,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,0.00017,0.00029,0.0006,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.00012,0.00101,0.00026,0.00025,0.00014,3e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0002,0.00035,0.00043,5e-05,0.00024,0.00034,0.00025,0.00062,0.0001,8e-05,0.00034,0.00038,0.00123,0.00191,0.00238,0.0,4e-05,0.00021,0.0002,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00053,0.00151,0.00058,0.00043,0.00014,0.00017,0.00069,0.00013,0.00017,3e-05,0.00105,0.00308,0.00018,0.00063,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00015,0.0,0.00021,0.00017,0.00019,0.00023,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00067,0.00043,0.00024,0.1698,0.0009,0.00769,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00014,0.00039,0.00121,0.00014,6e-05,0.00022,0.00039,0.00095,0.00027,0.00296,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00456,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,5e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0003,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.001,0.00011,0.00109,1e-05,0.00017,0.00016,0.0001,0.0004,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00029,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00024,0.00021,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00412,2e-05,4e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,3e-05,0.00023,0.00012,5e-05,0.0013,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00043,0.00013,3e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00141,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00021,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0002,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00092,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00248,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00164,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00045,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00031,0.0002,0.00018,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0027,0.00189,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0002,0.00021,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00035,0.00031,0.0,0.00054,0.0017,0.00031,0.00072,0.00121,0.00082,0.00134,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.00215,7e-05,0.00042,0.00034,0.0,0.00026,8e-05,0.00031,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00041,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.00018,0.00038,0.00015,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0105,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00148,0.01493,0.0029,0.00311,0.00494,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00039,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.00013,3e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00022,6e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00043,0.00015,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00013,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00223,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.0012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0154,4e-05,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00024,0.00024,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00027,0.00056,0.00036,3e-05,0.00016,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00144,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00024,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00033,0.00014,2e-05,0.00016,0.00024,0.00023,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00163,0.00099,0.00057,0.00207,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.0,0.00036,0.00053,0.00013,6e-05,7e-05,0.0003,0.00011,0.00021,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00142,0.00077,0.0008,0.00049,0.0,6e-05,0.00037,9e-05,0.00069,0.0005,0.00027,0.00024,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.01382,0.0,1e-05,0.00057,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00021,0.00013,0.00029,8e-05,0.00299,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00446,0.02258,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00025,0.00025,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00141,0.00028,9e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00042,0.00016,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,7e-05,9e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00016,0.00017,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00033,0.00034,2e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.1175,0.00025,0.00028,5e-05,0.00037,0.0015,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00024,0.00035,0.00019,0.00015,0.00018,0.00013,0.0001,0.00105,0.00099,0.00105,0.00016,0.00022,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,0.00031,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00073,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00044,0.0,4e-05,0.01287,5e-05,0.00027,0.00016,0.00027,0.00051,0.00039,9e-05,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00042,0.00085,0.00055,0.00023,0.00033,0.00211,0.00065,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00019,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00016,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.00014,4e-05,5e-05,0.00059,0.00032,0.00088,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00021,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00232,0.00025,0.00014,0.00016,0.0,0.00024,0.00068,0.00388,0.00027,1e-05,0.00059,5e-05,0.0003,9e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.01851,0.00193,0.00043,0.00014,0.00021,0.00709,0.00029,0.00051,0.0001,0.00015,0.00033,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.00027,0.00045,0.00023,0.00297,0.00013,0.00015,8e-05,0.0002,0.00047,8e-05,7e-05,0.00036,0.00052,5e-05,3e-05,0.00016,8e-05,0.00015,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00013,5e-05,2e-05,0.00028,0.00022,0.00015,0.01342,0.00033,0.00012,0.00029,0.0002,0.00062,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.00064,5e-05,0.00023,0.00063,0.00028,0.00022,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00032,0.00018,0.00022,7e-05,0.00031,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,0.00052,0.0,0.00099,0.00044,0.0002,4e-05,0.00064,0.0,5e-05,0.00031,0.00014,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0001,5e-05,0.00041,0.00024,7e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00053,0.00069,0.00015,0.0001,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.00025,6e-05,3e-05,0.00027,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00046,0.00055,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00038,0.00016,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00046,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00054,3e-05,0.00124,0.00434,0.0,0.0013,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00827,0.0,0.00026,0.00021,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00083,4e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00399,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,0.00024,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00065,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0002,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00013,0.00011,8e-05,0.00093,0.00044,0.00032,0.00053,0.00054,0.00042,0.00023,9e-05,0.00012,0.00021,0.00063,0.00037,0.00023,0.0005,0.00076,2e-05,0.00017,0.00019,0.00023,0.00043,0.00014,0.0,0.0003,0.00017,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.0019,0.00451,7e-05,0.00014,0.01396,0.0003,0.00274,0.01515,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00057,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.00107,2e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00092,0.00014,7e-05,0.0006,0.01761,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00037,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00017,4e-05,0.00025,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00079,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00473,0.00011,0.00263,0.0,0.00149,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00205,0.00067,6e-05,0.0012,0.00099,0.00058,0.00012,0.00013,0.00024,0.00043,0.00113,0.00122,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00021,0.00018,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.00023,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.0001,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00013,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00023,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.00014,8e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,3e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00016,9e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,0.00019,0.0,0.00316,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00063,0.00083,0.00065,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.00011,0.01043,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.01252,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00785,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00102,0.00194,0.00068,0.00162,7e-05,0.00025,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00053,5e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.0022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.00026,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00608,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,8e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254776,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00025,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.00083,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00042,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00021,0.00025,0.00011,0.00025,0.00122,0.00012,0.00012,0.0,0.00076,0.0006,0.01638,0.00052,0.00051,0.00055,0.00424,0.18958,0.00545,0.00016,0.00026,0.00132,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00288,0.03184,0.00116,0.00035,0.00326,0.00344,0.001,0.00329,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0001,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0004,4e-05,0.00024,5e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0005,0.0005,0.00035,0.00011,7e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.01199,3e-05,0.01536,0.00075,0.00023,0.00547,0.00037,0.00304,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00144,0.0002,0.00514,0.00726,0.01176,0.00032,0.00017,0.00015,0.00159,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.0016,0.00014,0.00034,0.0004,8e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00091,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00032,0.0001,2e-05,0.00014,0.00024,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00034,0.00028,0.00015,0.00015,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00018,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00097,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00014,4e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,0.00022,0.0002,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.00023,9e-05,0.00044,3e-05,0.00031,0.00014,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00555,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,9e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00118,6e-05,7e-05,0.00056,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0078,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00037,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00269,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,7e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00016,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00014,0.00024,0.00019,0.0,0.0008,0.00085,0.0007,0.00056,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,0.00014,9e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0001,0.00017,8e-05,8e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.00093,0.0005,0.00047,0.00026,0.00017,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00026,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00162,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00183,0.00081,0.0011,0.00143,0.00014,0.00026,0.00011,0.00036,0.0,0.00032,0.00036,0.00042,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.00029,0.0002,3e-05,0.00103,0.00074,0.00048,0.00044,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00047,0.00119,7e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00692,5e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00022,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00117,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.00017,9e-05,0.00015,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,4e-05,0.0001,0.00015,9e-05,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00016,0.00097,0.00023,0.00215,0.00053,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00026,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00018,5e-05,9e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00041,3e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00013,0.00011,9e-05,0.00021,0.00023,0.00027,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.00031,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00043,0.00014,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00031,6e-05,0.00039,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.00021,3e-05,0.0001,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,0.0,0.00016,0.00016,0.00013,0.00016,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0003,0.00065,0.01001,0.00019,0.00038,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00014,0.00055,0.00069,0.00019,0.00013,0.00014,7e-05,0.00059,0.00053,0.00045,6e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0006,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.00027,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00022,9e-05,0.00016,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00095,0.00012,0.0005,6e-05,0.00057,2e-05,9e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00013,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00028,0.00049,0.01111,0.0002,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00024,6e-05,0.00044,0.00011,3e-05,0.00067,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00111,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0002,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.0006,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00014,0.00036,0.00019,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00119,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,8e-05,5e-05,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00495,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00037,9e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00013,0.00051,0.00017,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0006,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,6e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00036,0.00031,0.0,9e-05,0.00035,2e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.00013,0.00031,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00048,2e-05,0.0,0.00317,7e-05,0.00027,0.00016,2e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00018,6e-05,0.00024,0.00119,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.00022,0.00061,1e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.00037,0.0001,8e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00103,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00074,0.00366,0.00683,0.00382,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00031,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00063,0.00014,2e-05,3e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.00067,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,0.00011,5e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,6e-05,0.00024,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.00051,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00161,0.0001,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00031,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00013,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00051,0.00038,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0002,0.00024,0.0002,0.00031,0.00031,0.00045,0.0002,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0001,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0038,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00097,0.00052,0.00039,0.00139,1e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,5e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,0.00104,0.00026,0.00039,0.00015,0.00017,0.00081,0.0003,0.00061,0.00014,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0007,1e-05,0.00131,0.00072,0.00038,0.00064,0.0,8e-05,0.00045,7e-05,0.00069,0.00089,0.00023,0.00033,0.00036,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00027,0.01301,0.00014,2e-05,0.00073,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.00021,0.00104,0.00016,2e-05,0.00239,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00622,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,0.00023,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.00028,0.00013,0.00021,3e-05,0.00062,0.0002,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0002,6e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00021,0.00015,0.00019,0.00012,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00025,0.00024,4e-05,0.00014,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00014,2e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00039,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00902,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00012,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00018,8e-05,0.00034,0.00013,0.00021,9e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.00016,0.00211,0.00158,0.00217,9e-05,0.0002,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00014,8e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00012,4e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,0.00019,0.001,0.00015,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00168,0.00011,7e-05,0.0002,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00036,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.00347,0.00016,0.00024,0.00022,0.00032,0.01367,0.00037,0.00016,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00113,0.00193,0.00138,0.00056,0.00106,0.00393,0.00134,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,9e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00157,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0003,0.00054,3e-05,4e-05,0.00014,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00035,0.00018,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00033,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00011,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00012,0.00024,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00032,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.00209,0.0024,0.00109,0.00023,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.00115,8e-05,0.0,0.00029,2e-05,0.00024,4e-05,0.0001,0.00049,0.00059,0.00015,9e-05,0.00097,0.00014,0.00044,0.0001,0.0032,0.00037,0.00042,0.00071,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,7e-05,0.00016,0.00307,0.00032,0.01571,0.00028,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00016,0.00024,2e-05,7e-05,0.00055,2e-05,0.00014,0.00033,0.00092,0.00013,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00041,0.08141,0.00021,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00033,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00023,0.00041,3e-05,0.00014,0.00012,0.00028,0.00109,7e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,7e-05,0.00014,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.0001,0.00018,0.0,0.00098,0.00023,3e-05,1e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.00016,2e-05,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00018,0.00023,9e-05,1e-05,0.0002,2e-05,8e-05,0.00026,4e-05,0.00038,1e-05,0.00023,8e-05,0.00036,0.00021,0.0001,0.00036,0.00049,0.00035,0.00105,0.0,0.00032,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.00012,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00098,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00071,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00034,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0007,0.0002,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00022,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00023,5e-05,0.0003,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00057,0.00074,7e-05,0.00031,0.00104,1e-05,0.0004,0.00022,0.00032,3e-05,0.00016,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00055,3e-05,8e-05,0.00085,0.0,0.00043,0.00037,0.0003,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.00158,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0015,0.00012,8e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00038,0.00532,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00146,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00078,3e-05,0.00625,0.02252,0.00205,0.00183,0.00037,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00064,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00045,0.0001,0.00031,7e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00011,0.0002,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.07391,0.00071,1e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00024,0.00046,1e-05,0.00026,0.00017,0.00045,0.00017,0.00023,9e-05,0.0001,5e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.00028,0.00036,0.00038,0.00846,0.00039,0.00066,0.00051,0.00046,0.00051,0.00027,0.0001,0.00013,0.00015,0.0006,0.0004,0.00044,0.00053,0.00093,0.00011,0.00025,0.0002,0.00024,0.00045,0.00013,0.0,0.00023,0.00017,0.00012,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00015,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0005,0.00072,3e-05,7e-05,0.00246,5e-05,0.00112,0.00414,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00044,0.00027,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00137,2e-05,0.00018,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00023,0.00023,0.00064,0.0087,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00038,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,1e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.00068,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,9e-05,0.0004,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.00026,0.00052,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.00014,0.00015,0.00019,0.00013,9e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00019,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.00011,0.0001,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.0001,5e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.00028,0.00011,0.00016,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.00019,2e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00021,0.00012,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.00018,0.00012,5e-05,0.00012,0.00022,5e-05,6e-05,0.00015,4e-05,8e-05,0.00028,0.00012,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00021,0.00023,0.0,0.00024,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00037,0.00073,0.00085,0.00099,0.00031,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00017,0.0002,0.00039,0.00094,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0017,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00081,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00037,0.00023,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00025,4e-05,0.00026,0.00074,0.00015,0.00015,2e-05,0.00023,4e-05,1e-05,0.00024,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00031,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.00019,0.00014,2e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,1e-05,0.00046,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00029,0.00032,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.00068,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,0.00034,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254777,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00016,0.0,0.0004,0.00027,0.00112,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0002,0.00019,0.00057,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.00013,0.00153,0.00035,0.00041,0.00014,0.00057,0.00686,0.00109,6e-05,8e-05,0.00056,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.00491,0.00043,0.0002,0.00067,0.00053,9e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00016,0.0,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00043,0.01068,0.00017,0.00074,0.00024,0.0,0.00359,0.0,0.00033,0.00038,0.00055,9e-05,0.00015,0.0001,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.0,0.00129,0.00107,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,0.00021,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.00047,0.0004,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00023,5e-05,0.00026,0.00023,3e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00046,0.00015,2e-05,0.00029,0.00017,0.00021,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00038,0.00038,0.00027,0.00026,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00042,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00135,0.0,0.00013,0.00028,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.00015,4e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00025,0.00016,8e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,7e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00014,0.00047,4e-05,0.00026,0.00016,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00062,8e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00035,0.0,1e-05,0.00023,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,3e-05,5e-05,0.00016,6e-05,7e-05,0.00244,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00011,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00033,0.00024,0.0003,0.00017,0.0,0.00341,0.00271,0.00198,0.00165,0.0016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00019,0.0002,0.0001,0.0001,0.00013,0.00013,0.00019,0.00012,6e-05,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00484,0.00108,0.00086,0.00081,0.00031,0.00031,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,5e-05,6e-05,0.00011,6e-05,2e-05,0.00019,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00018,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00919,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0002,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00029,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00024,0.00037,0.00015,0.00016,0.0,0.00021,0.00014,0.00036,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00022,7e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.0005,0.00054,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00099,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00053,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00252,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00035,0.0001,0.00013,0.00016,6e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.00023,0.00012,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.0001,6e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.00046,0.00027,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00289,0.0,0.0,0.00022,9e-05,9e-05,0.00023,0.00148,7e-05,0.00038,0.00029,3e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.00042,0.00034,6e-05,0.00024,0.0003,0.00042,0.00052,0.00029,0.00014,0.00035,0.00035,0.00126,0.00247,0.00546,0.0,0.00015,0.00029,0.00027,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00103,0.0014,0.00043,0.00046,0.00016,0.00056,0.00095,0.00014,0.00027,6e-05,0.00092,0.0024,0.00024,0.00094,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00013,9e-05,8e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00016,3e-05,0.00012,0.00019,7e-05,0.00015,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.00052,0.00088,0.23258,0.00073,0.00816,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00021,0.0008,0.00118,0.00028,0.00011,0.0003,0.0002,0.00092,0.00065,0.0009,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0017,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.00017,8e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00092,0.0,0.00016,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00041,6e-05,0.00069,0.00012,0.00112,2e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00053,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00026,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00021,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00128,5e-05,0.00013,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00022,0.00016,0.00052,0.00017,2e-05,0.00129,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00125,0.00027,1e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00137,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00019,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00013,0.00028,0.00023,0.00011,3e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00121,0.00039,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00337,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00219,0.0002,3e-05,6e-05,0.00033,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00048,0.00053,0.00013,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00364,0.00197,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00011,0.00014,0.00023,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00022,0.00015,0.0,0.00021,0.00072,0.00019,0.00018,0.00025,0.00032,0.00058,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.00626,6e-05,0.00031,0.00033,0.0,0.00032,4e-05,0.00025,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00027,0.00115,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.00038,0.00016,8e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00576,0.00017,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00165,0.00828,0.00216,0.00872,0.00312,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,2e-05,0.00089,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00171,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00041,8e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00032,0.00061,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00071,0.0,2e-05,0.00105,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00767,9e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0003,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00062,0.0002,0.0003,9e-05,0.00011,0.00034,5e-05,0.00023,1e-05,4e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00114,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0004,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00025,6e-05,2e-05,0.00037,0.00035,0.00046,0.00023,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00018,4e-05,0.00147,0.00109,0.00072,0.00266,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,0.00083,0.00074,0.00035,0.00022,0.00013,0.00155,0.00047,0.00046,0.00025,0.00035,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00174,0.00079,0.00081,0.00091,0.0,6e-05,0.00051,7e-05,0.00076,0.00062,0.00044,0.00043,0.00065,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.02006,0.00014,0.0,0.00121,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.00056,0.00026,3e-05,0.00246,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00206,0.00976,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00024,0.00031,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00089,0.00031,0.00014,0.00031,2e-05,0.00065,0.00022,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00024,6e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00023,0.00015,0.00012,0.00017,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00025,0.00033,3e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00012,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.05921,0.00053,0.00016,0.00013,0.00052,0.00215,4e-05,0.0001,0.00013,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,7e-05,0.0003,0.00016,0.00032,0.00019,0.00015,0.00016,0.00017,0.00196,0.00163,0.00251,0.00025,0.00043,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00016,0.0005,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00051,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00057,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.00028,0.01382,0.0001,0.00023,0.00032,0.00016,0.00122,0.00025,0.00011,0.00252,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.001,0.00115,0.00099,0.00048,0.00122,0.00366,0.00134,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00263,6e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00026,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00185,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00078,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00021,0.00015,0.00027,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.00027,0.0001,0.00033,0.00094,0.0007,0.00133,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0009,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00033,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00174,0.00049,0.00052,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,0.00283,7e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00014,0.00031,6e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0012,0.00067,0.0002,0.00012,0.00018,0.00354,6e-05,0.0019,0.00015,0.00015,0.00107,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.00136,0.00065,0.0041,0.0002,0.00012,2e-05,0.00014,0.00044,3e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0001,0.00011,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0003,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00021,0.00014,0.0,0.0002,0.00013,0.00017,0.01416,0.00016,2e-05,9e-05,0.00027,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.00182,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00125,0.00246,2e-05,0.00061,5e-05,0.00026,0.00091,0.00027,0.0002,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00032,0.0002,0.00025,9e-05,0.00027,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.00074,0.00029,7e-05,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.00041,0.00021,7e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.00018,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.00136,0.00011,0.00026,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00034,0.00022,4e-05,0.00023,0.00034,0.00036,0.00073,0.0,0.00031,2e-05,0.00017,8e-05,0.00019,8e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00037,2e-05,5e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00159,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00025,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00064,0.00015,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00157,0.00169,4e-05,0.00278,0.0074,0.0,0.00056,0.00013,0.00033,4e-05,0.00016,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00391,0.0,0.00032,0.00043,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.00986,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00061,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.0,0.00155,9e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00035,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00036,4e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.00015,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,2e-05,8e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.00024,0.00016,0.00048,0.00014,0.00026,0.00011,0.0001,0.00011,0.00011,0.00014,0.0003,0.00021,0.00024,0.00139,0.00091,0.00083,0.00074,0.00078,0.00078,0.00077,0.00014,0.00022,0.00036,0.00141,0.0008,0.0007,0.00066,0.00123,8e-05,0.00018,0.00016,0.00039,0.00058,0.00015,0.0,0.0003,0.00025,8e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.00201,0.00704,9e-05,0.00014,0.01451,0.0005,0.00187,0.01025,3e-05,0.00027,2e-05,6e-05,0.00139,0.00059,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00073,3e-05,0.00016,0.01488,3e-05,0.00036,8e-05,8e-05,0.00035,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00088,0.0009,0.00014,0.0006,0.01649,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00036,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00046,5e-05,0.00061,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00306,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00026,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00715,0.00067,0.00477,0.0,0.00296,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00372,0.001,5e-05,0.00262,0.00177,0.00084,0.00014,0.00035,0.0002,0.00081,0.0013,0.00057,0.00208,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00018,0.00023,0.00032,0.00023,0.00021,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,0.00025,0.00016,0.00021,0.0,0.00023,6e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.00012,0.00013,7e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00017,0.00013,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,0.00023,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.00011,0.00021,0.00028,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.00023,0.00021,0.00013,0.00019,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00018,0.00017,8e-05,0.00013,0.00024,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.00036,0.00016,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00016,0.0004,0.0,0.00317,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00037,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00086,0.00084,0.00065,0.00098,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,0.00011,0.0002,0.00279,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00739,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00611,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00026,0.00018,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.00032,0.00089,0.00014,0.00362,9e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,4e-05,0.0,0.00099,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00035,0.00031,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.00467,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00023,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254778,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.02805,0.0039,0.00163,0.00539,0.00729,0.01899,0.00556,0.00086,0.0022,0.00177,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01128,0.04818,0.00247,0.00249,0.02051,0.0213,0.0091,0.00876,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.00068,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0003,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,7e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00216,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00029,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00142,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00019,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00033,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00036,0.00022,0.00602,5e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00022,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.01987,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00026,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00027,0.00026,0.00044,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00811,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00058,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0006,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00041,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00015,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00017,0.00137,0.00039,0.00377,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,6e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00029,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00167,0.0,0.00011,0.00018,0.0,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0001,0.0001,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.00011,8e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00743,0.00011,0.0,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00106,0.0012,0.05541,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01122,0.00012,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.0001,0.00017,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00586,5e-05,0.00029,4e-05,0.0003,0.0002,0.00019,6e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.00015,4e-05,8e-05,0.00056,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,2e-05,8e-05,0.00039,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,0.0002,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00042,7e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.002,0.00013,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00105,6e-05,0.00025,5e-05,4e-05,0.00774,0.00026,0.00042,1e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00032,0.00014,0.00054,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00015,1e-05,0.06849,0.00011,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00028,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.03816,0.01018,0.00439,0.0,0.0,0.02989,0.02022,0.01996,0.03698,0.0064,0.28553,0.00948,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00023,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00063,0.0,0.0003,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.00025,0.00064,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00148,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00097,0.00045,2e-05,0.00021,0.0091,5e-05,0.01371,0.00806,1e-05,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,0.00078,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.00105,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00014,5e-05,6e-05,0.00719,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00012,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00021,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00031,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00139,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01074,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254779,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,0.00032,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,8e-05,6e-05,0.00024,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00014,0.00146,0.00016,5e-05,6e-05,0.00049,0.005,0.00067,2e-05,4e-05,0.00038,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00422,0.00022,0.00012,0.00037,0.00028,7e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00032,0.00204,6e-05,0.00024,0.00012,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.00019,0.00037,0.00025,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.05716,0.0,0.0606,0.0003,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00026,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00021,9e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.00012,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.00016,0.00012,0.00013,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00057,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.0001,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.00016,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0004,4e-05,0.00019,0.0001,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.0,3e-05,0.00042,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00131,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,6e-05,0.00015,0.00017,0.0,0.00061,0.00047,0.00057,0.0004,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.00013,0.0001,3e-05,0.0001,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00065,0.0004,0.0003,0.00016,0.00015,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.00021,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00045,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00275,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.00016,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,0.00106,6e-05,0.00019,8e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00029,0.00028,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0004,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,0.00027,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00458,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00017,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,7e-05,0.00021,0.00056,9e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00072,0.00012,0.00028,0.00019,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00043,6e-05,0.00012,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00019,4e-05,9e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00018,0.0001,7e-05,0.00023,0.0001,0.00049,0.00164,0.00139,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00026,0.00104,7e-05,0.00016,8e-05,5e-05,0.00028,6e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.00021,0.00124,5e-05,0.0004,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.00035,0.00048,0.00025,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.00057,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,1e-05,0.0001,0.0001,2e-05,0.00015,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00045,0.00034,0.05442,0.00026,0.00159,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00018,0.00073,0.00139,9e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00015,0.00156,0.00046,0.00063,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00053,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00053,0.00028,0.0,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00117,0.00042,0.00214,3e-05,0.00012,0.00015,4e-05,0.00049,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,9e-05,0.0002,0.00044,4e-05,1e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.00046,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00028,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00077,0.00208,0.00246,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00024,0.00015,0.00011,0.00102,0.00012,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00032,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.00013,7e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00027,0.00098,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00134,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00215,0.0,0.00048,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,6e-05,0.00035,9e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00043,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00548,5e-05,9e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,5e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.00015,0.0,0.00035,0.00067,0.00012,0.00016,0.00011,0.00018,0.00052,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,0.00179,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0002,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.00016,0.00029,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.00079,0.00044,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00316,0.00011,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0002,0.00233,0.00229,0.00591,0.00963,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00122,0.00031,0.0004,0.00044,0.0,0.00032,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00073,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00139,0.00227,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00195,3e-05,0.00078,0.00036,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00011,0.00034,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00018,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00032,0.00025,0.00023,0.00084,1e-05,0.00013,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.00053,0.00024,0.00023,6e-05,0.00011,0.00053,0.00012,0.00041,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.00096,0.00042,0.00031,0.00026,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.00042,0.0004,0.00012,0.00026,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0152,0.00048,4e-05,0.0007,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0004,0.0002,2e-05,0.00148,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00772,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00041,0.00015,0.0001,7e-05,1e-05,0.00026,0.00015,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00018,7e-05,0.0001,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.00016,4e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01447,0.0001,9e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00036,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00018,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.0002,4e-05,0.00018,0.0001,8e-05,0.00095,0.00072,0.00102,6e-05,0.00017,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00015,0.00031,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.11169,0.00175,0.00715,0.00355,0.00428,0.00525,0.00329,0.0048,0.10109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00054,0.00101,0.00083,0.0002,0.00054,0.00199,0.00071,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.00054,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00369,7e-05,1e-05,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00019,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.00029,3e-05,0.00011,0.00016,0.00021,0.00134,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00019,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00071,0.00029,0.00015,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00121,0.00012,0.0,0.00039,3e-05,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00096,0.00026,0.0003,9e-05,5e-05,0.0082,0.00019,0.00067,7e-05,7e-05,0.00074,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00068,0.0005,0.00105,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0002,8e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0001,9e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00014,3e-05,0.00802,0.00027,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00025,0.0,0.00019,6e-05,0.00016,0.00045,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,5e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00024,0.0,0.00049,0.00126,0.00031,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,8e-05,6e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00031,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00012,6e-05,2e-05,0.00022,0.00025,0.00031,0.00064,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0018,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00039,0.00012,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00046,0.00074,5e-05,0.00062,0.00152,0.0,0.00035,9e-05,0.00015,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00083,0.0,0.00024,0.00014,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00263,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00098,0.00071,0.00058,0.00043,0.00176,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00047,0.0002,0.00012,0.00027,6e-05,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00027,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00046,8e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00027,5e-05,0.00017,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.00018,0.00018,0.00045,0.00032,0.00038,0.00046,0.00037,0.00032,0.00032,0.00014,0.00015,0.00016,0.00046,0.00029,0.0004,0.00035,0.00058,0.00011,0.00013,0.00014,0.00022,0.00024,0.00011,0.0,0.00018,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.00424,0.00273,0.00029,0.00031,0.01568,0.00058,0.08909,0.05413,2e-05,0.0004,3e-05,2e-05,0.00146,0.00308,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,2e-05,0.00035,0.00019,5e-05,0.00012,0.02387,0.00011,0.00131,0.00013,0.00022,0.00026,1e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00381,0.00067,0.00016,0.00025,0.00777,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0004,2e-05,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.00012,0.00091,0.0,0.00064,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0001,8e-05,0.00133,0.0002,0.00015,9e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.00027,0.00038,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.00011,0.00015,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00014,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00015,8e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00016,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00012,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00012,7e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00013,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.00014,0.0,0.00043,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00041,0.00032,0.00061,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00212,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00169,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00011,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00038,6e-05,0.00109,6e-05,9e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00024,0.00028,0.00158,0.00072,0.0,0.00017,0.0007,0.0001,0.0002,0.0,0.00342,0.00012,0.0,0.00058,0.0003,0.00032,0.00054,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.00011,0.00194,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00085,2e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254780,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00018,0.0,0.0005,0.00021,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00232,0.00235,0.00027,0.00038,0.00115,0.00049,0.00019,0.0,0.00116,0.00076,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00032,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00017,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00059,0.00015,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0006,0.00043,0.00041,8e-05,0.00027,0.00023,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00013,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00019,0.00019,0.00014,0.00265,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00554,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00016,0.00014,2e-05,0.00019,0.00016,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00029,0.00037,0.00025,0.00026,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00062,0.0,0.00034,0.00077,0.0,0.00024,7e-05,0.00055,0.00043,8e-05,7e-05,0.00029,0.00049,3e-05,0.00056,1e-05,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0002,0.00063,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0003,0.0002,0.00016,0.0002,0.00154,0.00017,0.00091,0.00053,0.00036,0.00014,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00221,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00044,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00046,0.0002,0.00054,0.00068,0.0,0.00039,0.00037,0.0003,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0002,0.00034,0.00029,0.0,0.00031,0.00025,0.00033,0.00047,0.0,0.00046,0.00053,0.00056,0.00033,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00017,0.00044,0.00037,7e-05,0.00035,0.00025,0.00028,0.00022,0.00021,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0013,0.00552,0.01339,0.00746,0.00344,0.0032,0.00936,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00024,0.00032,0.0,6e-05,0.00094,0.0004,0.00016,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00028,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0001,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00011,0.00011,0.00018,0.00019,3e-05,0.00012,0.00024,9e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00033,0.00031,0.00067,0.0,0.00055,0.00085,0.00095,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.00064,0.00097,0.00089,0.0,0.00433,0.00329,0.00294,0.00335,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00601,0.00529,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.00012,0.00021,2e-05,1e-05,0.00255,0.00148,0.00235,0.00332,0.00139,0.00328,0.00138,0.00145,0.00766,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.00114,0.00039,0.00058,0.00041,0.0,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00147,4e-05,0.00033,0.00081,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00037,0.00025,0.00118,0.001,0.00017,0.0015,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,0.00014,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00014,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00128,0.00129,0.0,0.00077,0.00117,0.00047,0.00101,0.0004,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.00133,0.00141,9e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00484,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00011,0.00014,0.00039,0.00019,0.00013,4e-05,0.0001,0.00025,0.00013,0.00614,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00023,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00049,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00044,0.00041,5e-05,0.0,0.00038,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0012,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00156,0.0,0.00143,0.0,0.00019,0.0003,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00176,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.00037,0.00013,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00302,0.00837,5e-05,0.00019,0.0001,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.02228,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,0.00038,0.00023,0.00017,9e-05,0.0,0.00098,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0001,0.00032,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00018,0.00024,0.00018,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.00081,0.00057,0.00074,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00239,0.00898,0.0,0.0127,0.03908,0.01427,0.02064,0.00821,0.00875,0.03647,0.00014,7e-05,0.00013,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00303,0.00339,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.00054,0.00228,0.00195,0.0,0.00138,0.00018,0.00117,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00061,0.00018,0.00081,0.0,0.00011,0.0002,0.00023,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00128,0.00106,0.00504,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00015,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,9e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00294,0.00015,0.00091,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00214,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.00016,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00076,2e-05,0.00021,0.00017,0.0002,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.00031,0.00341,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.00021,0.00019,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00021,0.00024,0.00029,0.00612,0.00454,0.00521,0.00899,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00024,7e-05,9e-05,0.0002,0.0002,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0016,0.0,0.00059,0.00047,0.0004,1e-05,3e-05,0.00045,8e-05,0.00046,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00848,0.00434,0.00668,0.00531,0.0,0.00045,0.0035,0.00038,0.00678,0.00334,0.00263,0.00279,0.00402,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00118,0.00144,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0015,0.00043,0.00142,0.0,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.00017,0.0,0.00016,0.00016,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00016,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00022,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.00041,0.0003,9e-05,0.00028,5e-05,0.00011,0.00028,0.00016,0.00042,0.00031,0.00053,0.00017,0.00031,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00015,0.00072,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00016,0.00021,0.00023,0.00028,0.00016,0.00012,0.00032,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00553,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00014,0.00013,0.0,0.00013,0.00021,4e-05,0.00016,0.00021,0.00016,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.00302,0.0082,0.00732,0.00925,0.00544,0.0071,0.01776,0.01315,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00134,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00077,0.00059,0.00013,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00178,0.0014,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00127,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00048,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00095,0.00029,0.0001,0.00015,1e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0006,0.00019,4e-05,0.00059,0.00018,0.00041,0.0002,0.00019,9e-05,0.0016,0.00025,0.00026,0.00029,0.0004,0.00323,6e-05,0.00047,0.00044,0.00013,0.00046,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0003,0.00044,0.00039,0.00182,0.00024,0.00039,6e-05,0.00014,0.00025,0.00026,0.00012,0.00023,7e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00018,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.00025,0.0,0.00033,0.00016,0.0002,0.0029,0.00059,6e-05,0.00014,0.00016,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00031,0.00047,8e-05,0.0001,0.00021,0.00036,0.00042,0.00044,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00053,0.00038,0.04362,0.04053,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00022,0.0,0.00039,0.00154,0.0,0.00791,6e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0011,0.0,0.00016,0.00137,0.00025,0.00015,0.0006,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00022,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00051,0.00018,0.00036,0.00214,0.00234,0.00161,0.00393,0.0,0.00186,0.0,2e-05,0.00077,0.00012,0.0001,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.00015,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00035,0.00073,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00021,0.00043,0.00505,0.00066,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00118,0.00044,0.0001,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00121,0.00128,0.00147,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.0,0.00109,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00016,0.00045,0.00032,0.00039,0.00019,0.0006,0.0,0.00148,0.0,4e-05,0.00025,0.00166,0.00034,0.0006,0.00076,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00023,0.00144,0.00018,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0234,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00045,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00114,0.00019,0.00024,0.00014,0.00039,0.0,0.0001,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00101,0.00071,9e-05,0.00033,0.00052,0.00025,0.00017,0.00046,0.00021,0.00045,6e-05,8e-05,0.0002,0.00019,0.00042,0.00036,0.00015,0.00024,0.00061,0.0017,0.00114,0.00133,0.00207,0.00114,0.00117,0.00019,0.00021,0.00042,0.00217,0.0012,0.00067,0.00138,0.00486,0.00023,0.00029,0.00029,0.00066,0.00069,0.00019,0.0,0.00041,0.0002,8e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,0.00024,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00581,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00039,0.0002,0.00727,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00021,0.00015,0.00018,0.00038,0.00024,0.0,0.00018,0.00042,0.00029,0.00022,0.00019,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.00025,9e-05,8e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.00016,0.00021,0.00022,0.00018,9e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00048,0.00016,0.00015,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00036,0.0001,9e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00052,0.00019,0.00014,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00011,0.00016,3e-05,0.00014,0.00026,0.0,0.00023,0.00014,6e-05,0.00013,0.00044,0.00026,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.00033,0.00029,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00099,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0003,0.00018,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00032,0.00037,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00018,0.00153,0.0017,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.01449,0.03773,0.01347,0.0,0.0,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,6e-05,0.0,0.00032,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00033,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00248,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00189,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00138,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254781,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00039,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.00033,0.0002,0.00087,0.00037,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0002,0.00013,5e-05,0.00017,0.00035,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00024,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.00018,0.00012,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,6e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00023,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00038,0.00274,0.00037,0.00041,0.00113,0.00033,0.00062,0.00068,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,0.00065,0.0013,0.00153,0.00046,0.00012,0.00049,0.00044,0.00147,0.00031,0.00074,0.00396,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00042,0.00017,0.0,0.00054,0.00047,0.00011,0.0023,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00146,0.0,0.00056,0.00175,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00091,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.00011,4e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.00099,0.00044,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00045,0.02074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.0001,0.00064,0.0025,0.0,0.00095,0.01626,0.00078,0.0031,0.00064,0.00057,0.00068,0.00252,0.00023,0.00102,0.00018,0.00041,0.0,0.00048,0.00138,0.00141,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00081,0.00071,0.00017,0.0,0.00018,0.00043,0.0003,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00034,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00033,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00016,4e-05,0.00024,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00047,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00026,0.00018,0.00048,0.00013,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00019,0.00019,0.00018,0.0001,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00088,0.00073,0.0,0.00051,1e-05,0.00047,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00205,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00113,0.12156,0.00071,0.00042,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00041,0.00013,0.00392,0.00252,0.00145,0.00958,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00175,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00036,0.00844,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00017,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00037,0.00049,0.00038,0.00066,0.00093,0.0005,0.00103,0.00021,0.00018,0.00053,0.00026,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00051,0.00055,0.00034,0.00034,0.00073,0.00022,0.00034,0.00035,0.00034,0.00271,0.00159,0.00033,0.00064,0.00583,2e-05,0.0014,0.00035,0.00035,0.00043,0.0019,0.00093,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00179,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00022,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00034,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00061,0.00097,0.00182,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00024,0.00096,0.00014,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.6137,0.00043,0.00405,3e-05,5e-05,0.00046,0.00057,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00035,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0008,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00059,0.00013,0.0008,0.0,0.00025,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00756,0.00067,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00027,0.00067,0.0007,0.00047,0.00031,0.00018,0.00032,0.00023,0.0006,0.00043,0.00052,0.00035,0.00097,0.0021,0.00157,0.00133,0.00162,0.0023,0.00106,0.00018,0.00027,0.00068,0.00456,0.0015,0.00109,0.0016,0.00298,0.00021,0.0004,0.00033,0.00051,0.00085,0.00019,0.0,0.00047,0.00026,9e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00011,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,7e-05,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.00011,0.00205,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00029,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00019,0.00013,0.00016,8e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254782,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00312,0.00078,0.00017,0.00109,0.0009,0.0029,0.00101,0.00026,0.00032,0.00046,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.01367,0.00057,0.00054,0.01232,0.00538,0.0007,0.00152,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.00021,7e-05,0.00028,0.00036,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00525,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00187,0.00421,0.02686,0.00443,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,2e-05,0.00015,0.00035,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00092,3e-05,6e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,8e-05,0.00075,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00024,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00023,8e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,0.00045,0.00052,0.00107,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0003,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.00039,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.002,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00022,0.00063,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0003,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00215,0.00016,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,8e-05,7e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00037,0.00029,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00046,0.00011,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,6e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.00022,0.00014,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00054,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00096,0.00028,0.00095,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00215,0.00103,0.00092,0.00433,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,4e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.00018,5e-05,0.00019,6e-05,8e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0001,9e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00017,6e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,9e-05,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00022,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00121,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00022,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00213,9e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00337,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,3e-05,0.00011,0.00025,7e-05,0.0,0.0012,2e-05,0.00011,0.00023,0.00929,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00075,0.00013,0.00062,0.00022,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.00024,5e-05,1e-05,0.00068,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00035,6e-05,2e-05,0.80723,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00015,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,9e-05,0.00058,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00036,0.00019,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00017,0.00051,0.0001,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.00038,5e-05,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00147,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00032,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00916,0.0,5e-05,0.00067,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254783,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,0.00085,0.0,0.00074,0.00122,0.0027,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0002,0.01661,0.01593,0.00024,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00016,0.00378,0.00082,0.00029,0.00111,0.00114,0.0038,0.00107,0.00025,0.00036,0.00124,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00139,0.14746,0.00597,0.00064,0.01371,0.00564,0.00163,0.00232,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00185,0.0,0.00227,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00081,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00082,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00025,6e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,6e-05,7e-05,0.0002,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,0.00011,0.00014,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00253,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00013,0.00029,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00158,0.00026,0.00085,0.00214,0.00014,0.00017,0.00065,0.00162,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00166,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00126,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00025,0.00013,0.00028,0.00269,0.0,0.00028,0.00058,0.00046,0.00286,0.0003,0.00036,0.00027,0.00039,0.00035,0.00042,0.00014,0.00024,1e-05,0.00025,0.00082,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0003,0.00042,0.00019,7e-05,0.00055,0.00031,0.00024,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00115,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00166,0.00167,0.00214,0.00151,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00208,0.00111,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00107,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00071,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0181,0.0,0.00019,0.00015,0.00015,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00285,0.02902,0.00969,0.00012,0.00057,0.00042,0.00029,0.00349,0.00017,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00077,0.00076,0.0002,0.00011,0.00147,0.00021,9e-05,0.00113,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00047,1e-05,0.0,0.00139,0.0,0.00374,0.0001,0.00079,0.0019,0.0074,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00029,0.00191,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00035,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00058,0.03572,0.00044,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,3e-05,1e-05,0.00064,0.00016,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00034,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00019,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00145,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.004,0.00066,0.00192,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00525,0.00192,0.00107,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00026,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00334,0.00104,0.00097,0.00104,0.0,1e-05,0.00037,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00154,0.0003,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00276,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00906,0.18722,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00197,0.00147,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00035,0.00042,0.00011,0.0002,0.00031,0.00028,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00346,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00023,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00162,0.00045,0.00047,0.00084,0.00063,0.01198,0.00102,0.00045,0.00671,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.00023,6e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00022,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0003,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00056,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.03844,3e-05,0.0,0.00262,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00088,8e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.02169,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,5e-05,0.00011,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00036,3e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00019,4e-05,0.00031,0.00054,2e-05,0.00017,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00022,0.0001,0.00185,0.00015,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00061,2e-05,4e-05,0.0002,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00011,0.10831,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00073,0.00166,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00014,0.00231,0.0004,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00424,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00055,0.00057,0.00027,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00048,0.04442,5e-05,0.01847,6e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00224,0.01382,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00146,0.00116,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0002,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00101,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0007,0.0007,0.00045,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0001,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00873,2e-05,4e-05,0.00257,9e-05,7e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254784,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00014,6e-05,0.00042,0.00027,0.00124,0.00029,5e-05,6e-05,0.00036,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.14243,0.00029,9e-05,0.00543,0.00131,0.00029,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00044,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00043,0.00596,5e-05,2e-05,0.00013,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00021,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00061,4e-05,0.00036,0.00024,9e-05,0.00021,0.00034,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00028,0.00025,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00032,9e-05,0.0002,0.00058,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00027,7e-05,4e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.00019,0.00026,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0004,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,4e-05,0.00014,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00915,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,9e-05,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00034,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00482,0.00037,0.00205,0.00465,0.00059,0.00036,0.00017,0.00492,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00749,0.00131,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00407,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00048,0.00033,0.00179,6e-05,0.00037,0.00086,0.0005,0.00285,0.00036,0.00035,0.0005,0.00044,0.00026,0.00045,0.00013,0.00058,6e-05,0.00035,0.00068,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00047,0.00042,0.00025,0.00022,0.00109,0.00034,0.00027,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00411,0.00564,0.00214,0.00499,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00632,0.0038,0.00304,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,6e-05,0.00046,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00021,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00029,0.00019,0.0,0.00061,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00047,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00775,0.00831,0.01845,0.00033,0.00081,0.00088,0.00047,0.00466,0.00044,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00256,0.00108,0.00043,0.00054,0.00478,0.0006,0.00015,0.00331,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0018,0.0,0.0,0.00541,0.0,0.00126,7e-05,6e-05,0.00016,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.00146,0.00174,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0014,0.00464,0.0008,0.00143,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00016,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00209,0.00044,0.00039,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.00019,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0005,0.00115,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00071,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00055,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0066,0.00215,0.00511,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00657,0.00046,0.00271,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00171,0.0,3e-05,0.00031,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.03016,0.00334,0.00385,0.00383,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00195,0.00071,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00899,0.01134,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00582,0.0052,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00098,0.00071,0.00016,5e-05,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00026,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00015,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,3e-05,3e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00025,0.00023,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.01835,0.00161,0.00213,0.00141,0.00151,0.00533,0.00253,0.00112,0.01639,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00013,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00047,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00032,0.00092,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,0.00041,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00249,5e-05,0.0,0.01147,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00168,0.00035,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.2338,0.00013,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.00022,5e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00059,6e-05,4e-05,0.00028,0.00013,0.00033,0.0001,0.00049,8e-05,7e-05,0.00062,0.00164,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00038,0.00047,0.00078,0.0002,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00015,3e-05,8e-05,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,6e-05,0.10376,0.00019,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00025,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.00982,0.00159,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00053,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.0004,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,5e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.00057,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00181,0.0109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00165,0.00168,0.00084,0.00341,0.0,0.0,0.00147,0.00066,0.00057,0.00013,0.00082,0.00018,3e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00341,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00065,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00055,0.00762,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00098,0.00087,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00036,6e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00023,0.00022,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.00029,0.00028,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,0.0002,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00045,0.00025,2e-05,0.00013,0.03083,7e-05,0.00012,0.0098,0.00027,0.00033,0.00029,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254785,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00015,0.0,0.00033,0.00021,0.00081,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00048,0.00046,0.00013,0.00033,0.00109,0.0002,0.00017,0.0,0.00059,0.00066,0.01082,0.00334,0.00097,0.00415,0.00411,0.01715,0.00519,0.0009,0.00111,0.00378,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01571,0.06021,0.0025,0.00214,0.02241,0.01825,0.00657,0.0082,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00022,0.00179,2e-05,0.00044,0.00017,0.0,0.00074,0.0,0.00047,0.00061,0.00055,0.00015,9e-05,0.00014,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00198,0.0,0.00133,0.00105,7e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00051,0.00137,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00014,8e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0002,6e-05,0.00029,0.00028,9e-05,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00079,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00044,0.00016,1e-05,0.00024,0.00024,0.00024,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00043,0.00053,0.00026,0.0002,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,5e-05,0.0003,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00017,4e-05,0.00015,3e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.0032,0.0,0.00035,0.00075,0.0,0.00024,0.0001,0.0005,0.00054,6e-05,0.00013,0.00038,0.00069,2e-05,0.00073,0.00015,0.00029,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.00017,0.00016,0.00021,0.00012,0.00056,0.00011,0.0005,0.00023,0.00029,0.00018,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00038,0.00027,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00081,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00063,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,8e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.0001,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00031,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00018,0.0057,0.00045,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.00014,0.0002,0.0,0.00016,0.00012,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00028,0.0003,0.00033,0.00033,0.0,0.00105,0.00099,0.00095,0.00083,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00052,0.00041,0.00026,0.00029,0.00025,0.00018,0.00028,0.00011,0.00023,0.00038,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.0012,0.00058,0.00106,0.0006,0.00046,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00256,5e-05,0.00018,0.00014,4e-05,4e-05,0.00033,0.00018,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,8e-05,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00798,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0002,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00011,0.00018,3e-05,9e-05,0.00042,0.00011,0.00035,0.0,0.00037,0.00044,0.00045,0.0,1e-05,0.00052,0.0001,0.00019,0.00018,0.0,0.00073,0.00095,0.00059,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.00128,4e-05,0.00016,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.00018,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00016,0.00023,6e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.0001,0.00014,8e-05,7e-05,0.0002,0.0008,0.00011,0.00028,0.00027,3e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0002,0.00061,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0004,0.0,0.0004,0.00025,0.00042,0.00023,0.0,0.00026,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,8e-05,0.0003,0.00032,0.00032,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0003,0.00021,0.0002,0.00095,0.00081,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00019,7e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00151,0.00059,0.00036,0.00017,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.00025,0.00099,3e-05,0.00013,0.00033,0.00026,0.0003,0.00026,0.00013,0.00043,0.00032,0.00087,0.00193,0.00097,0.0,0.00018,0.00042,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00081,0.00202,0.00056,0.00032,0.00019,0.00026,0.00061,0.00018,0.00022,3e-05,0.00043,0.00145,0.00011,0.00081,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00064,0.00028,0.00035,0.00025,0.00019,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00027,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00033,0.0,0.00036,0.00032,0.00031,0.00029,0.00021,0.00019,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.0008,0.0007,0.03903,0.00042,0.00135,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.0003,0.00116,0.0025,0.0004,0.00023,0.00034,0.00089,0.00167,0.00066,0.00901,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00279,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00034,0.00018,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.00058,0.0,0.00022,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00023,7e-05,0.00015,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00029,9e-05,2e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.00013,0.00129,0.00073,0.00219,4e-05,0.0001,0.00012,8e-05,0.00067,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,5e-05,0.00033,0.0005,7e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00026,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.00037,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00041,0.0002,0.00056,0.0002,0.00021,0.00186,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.00083,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00063,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00065,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.00012,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00031,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00014,0.00034,0.00024,0.00017,3e-05,9e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00038,0.00034,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0025,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,7e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00509,1e-05,0.00015,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.00013,0.00062,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00048,0.00028,0.00044,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00113,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,3e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00023,5e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00049,0.00016,0.00036,0.00013,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00055,0.00061,0.0,0.00157,0.0047,0.00079,0.00122,0.00205,0.0017,0.00376,0.00015,0.00011,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00054,0.0,3e-05,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00077,4e-05,0.0,0.00208,9e-05,0.00094,0.0005,0.0,0.00036,0.00016,0.0005,6e-05,0.0002,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,0.00036,0.00085,0.0,0.00011,0.00028,0.00046,0.00047,0.0002,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00534,0.00013,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00075,0.00298,0.00604,0.00719,0.00502,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00079,0.00032,0.00035,0.0003,4e-05,0.00103,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00064,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0002,0.00037,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00171,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,1e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00059,9e-05,0.00037,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,0.00033,5e-05,9e-05,0.00038,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.00046,6e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.00038,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.00181,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,0.00992,0.00665,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.00928,0.00019,0.00075,0.00058,0.0,0.00046,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00054,9e-05,0.00011,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00036,8e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.00011,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0005,0.00068,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00053,4e-05,5e-05,0.00033,0.00046,0.00043,0.00043,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,9e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,0.00015,0.00269,0.00204,0.00143,0.0045,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,9e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00027,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,6e-05,0.00099,0.00173,0.00042,0.00023,0.00013,0.00089,0.00027,0.00073,0.00025,0.00015,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0003,5e-05,0.00177,0.00117,0.00109,0.00095,0.0,0.00027,0.00067,0.00016,0.00134,0.00102,0.00078,0.0006,0.0008,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00057,0.00717,0.00053,0.0,0.0015,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00053,0.00059,0.00037,3e-05,0.00846,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.03286,0.0,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0004,0.00053,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00119,0.00051,0.00026,0.0004,8e-05,0.00196,0.00026,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00047,3e-05,0.00014,0.00015,0.00037,0.00021,0.00013,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.00042,8e-05,0.00012,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00041,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00186,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.02509,0.0002,0.00016,9e-05,0.00023,0.00063,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,0.00016,0.00037,0.00022,0.00039,0.00016,0.00023,0.00026,0.00032,0.00262,0.00143,0.00222,0.00015,0.00068,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.0001,0.00021,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.00041,0.0002,0.00081,0.00018,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00155,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00022,4e-05,9e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00011,7e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.0,0.00016,0.01129,0.00098,0.00044,0.00026,0.00022,0.00079,0.0035,0.00018,0.00166,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.0001,7e-05,8e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00115,0.00125,0.00106,0.00068,0.00097,0.00713,0.00112,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,3e-05,0.00022,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00027,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00183,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00033,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00043,0.00053,4e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00038,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00035,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.00011,0.00013,6e-05,0.00045,0.00041,0.00074,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00062,0.00055,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00113,0.00036,0.0004,0.00018,3e-05,0.00015,0.00043,0.00445,0.00023,1e-05,0.00051,0.00029,0.00027,0.00016,0.0001,0.00016,0.00748,0.00056,0.00023,0.00036,0.00024,0.00344,0.0002,0.00088,0.00026,0.00024,0.00082,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00035,0.00102,0.00054,0.00431,0.00025,0.00073,8e-05,0.00023,0.00028,0.00018,9e-05,0.00024,0.0003,0.00012,8e-05,0.00028,0.00012,0.00031,3e-05,0.0002,7e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00021,6e-05,0.00027,0.00025,6e-05,0.00053,0.00018,0.00024,0.01945,0.00062,0.00013,0.00018,0.00026,0.00026,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00053,6e-05,0.00032,0.00023,0.00038,0.00101,0.0009,0.00094,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.00124,0.00134,0.00044,0.00085,0.00046,0.00609,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00063,0.00011,0.0,0.00029,0.00045,0.0,0.00188,0.00076,0.00031,8e-05,0.00119,0.0,6e-05,0.00057,0.00012,0.0002,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00048,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00041,0.00015,9e-05,0.00027,0.00048,0.00026,0.00103,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,0.00014,0.00118,0.00035,0.00014,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.00023,0.00035,3e-05,0.00011,0.00055,4e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.00072,0.00105,2e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.00018,0.00099,0.00018,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00157,0.00023,0.00014,0.00016,0.0001,0.0,0.00012,0.00028,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00017,9e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00068,0.00071,0.00016,0.00048,0.00114,0.0,0.00074,0.00012,6e-05,4e-05,0.00023,4e-05,9e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00234,0.0,0.00036,0.00059,0.00025,0.00036,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00324,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00204,0.0001,0.00016,0.00022,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00086,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00022,0.00032,7e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00042,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0012,7e-05,0.00026,0.0001,0.00025,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00018,3e-05,0.00012,0.00012,2e-05,0.00034,0.00018,0.00054,0.00028,0.00071,6e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.00019,0.0004,0.00036,0.00021,0.0003,0.00073,0.00086,0.00089,0.00089,0.00123,0.00076,0.00062,0.00017,0.0002,0.00035,0.00105,0.00091,0.00043,0.00075,0.0028,9e-05,0.0003,0.00038,0.00043,0.00087,0.00037,0.0,0.00032,0.00029,6e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.00026,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00186,0.00207,1e-05,6e-05,0.00746,0.0002,0.00263,0.00944,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00029,0.00133,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00077,5e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00015,0.00024,0.00051,0.01143,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00064,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00324,0.0,0.00129,0.0,0.0006,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.00044,5e-05,0.00071,0.00035,0.00017,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.00045,0.001,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00024,0.00027,0.00023,0.00023,0.00023,5e-05,0.00024,0.00026,0.00033,0.00023,0.00018,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,0.00026,7e-05,0.00016,0.00018,8e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.00037,0.00019,0.00017,0.00016,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.00034,0.00027,0.00019,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.00018,0.00016,0.00019,0.00027,0.0,0.00025,6e-05,0.00047,0.00012,0.00015,0.0001,0.00032,8e-05,0.00018,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,3e-05,0.0003,0.0002,7e-05,0.00015,0.00031,3e-05,0.00021,0.00014,0.00013,0.00015,0.00049,0.00032,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.00032,0.00031,0.00051,0.0,0.00129,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00087,0.0009,0.00143,0.00152,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00023,0.00017,0.00054,0.0017,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.00658,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00528,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.00013,5e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00173,0.0049,0.00141,0.00097,6e-05,0.00032,3e-05,8e-05,0.00034,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.0001,2e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,3e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00012,0.0,0.00098,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00044,0.00042,0.00019,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,5e-05,7e-05,0.00403,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.00064,6e-05,0.00026,0.0005,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254786,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,0.00019,0.00049,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00049,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.00029,6e-05,0.00012,0.00033,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00019,0.00194,0.00037,9e-05,3e-05,0.00024,0.00291,0.00068,5e-05,5e-05,0.00093,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.00208,0.00014,8e-05,0.00033,0.00019,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00032,0.00549,0.0001,0.00027,0.00011,2e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.00049,0.00033,0.00031,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00092,0.0,0.0007,0.0005,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0001,7e-05,8e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00019,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0003,0.00024,0.00012,0.00016,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00165,0.0,8e-05,0.00036,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.00019,4e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00027,3e-05,0.00025,7e-05,0.0001,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00021,8e-05,0.00016,8e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00188,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0004,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00231,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.00023,0.0,0.00045,0.00047,0.00056,0.00021,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00024,0.00044,0.00023,8e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0001,0.00013,8e-05,0.00013,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00081,0.00026,0.00039,0.00011,0.00019,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00279,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00166,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.00088,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00036,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00023,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00033,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.00036,0.00037,0.00052,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.00034,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00142,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00039,5e-05,0.0001,0.00014,5e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,2e-05,3e-05,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,0.00026,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.00056,0.00063,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00011,6e-05,9e-05,0.00156,0.00031,0.00037,0.0002,3e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00025,0.00031,0.00049,5e-05,0.00023,0.00027,0.00028,0.00029,0.00013,4e-05,0.0003,0.00024,0.00139,0.0033,0.00092,1e-05,9e-05,0.00023,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.00073,0.00321,0.00037,0.00046,0.00013,0.0002,0.00083,5e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00128,0.00397,0.00011,0.00047,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00029,0.0,0.00014,0.00019,8e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00046,0.00046,0.00031,0.11971,0.00065,0.00489,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,0.00062,0.00075,0.00015,8e-05,4e-05,0.00035,0.00045,0.00028,0.00212,5e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00355,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,9e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00051,0.00015,0.00061,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00014,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00023,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00015,9e-05,6e-05,0.00088,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00014,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00081,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,0.00029,0.00018,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00205,0.00046,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00291,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,4e-05,0.00027,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00203,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00028,0.00027,0.00018,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00172,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00012,0.0001,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00025,0.0004,0.0,0.00057,0.00187,0.00048,0.00047,0.00087,0.00085,0.00128,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00156,3e-05,0.00029,0.00023,2e-05,0.0002,3e-05,0.0002,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00054,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.00016,0.0001,4e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00579,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,0.00107,0.00217,0.00317,0.00206,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00019,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00039,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00075,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.00021,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00206,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00419,6e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00038,0.00024,0.0001,4e-05,0.00011,0.00024,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.00036,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00011,8e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00016,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00073,0.00044,0.00038,0.00102,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.00049,0.00097,0.00025,0.00011,0.00011,0.00062,8e-05,0.00032,0.00011,0.00018,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00129,0.00059,0.00071,0.00056,0.0,7e-05,0.00042,0.00012,0.00058,0.00055,0.00034,0.00038,0.00034,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.01174,2e-05,2e-05,0.00098,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00023,0.00033,0.00019,2e-05,0.00584,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00497,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00014,0.00018,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00076,0.00021,0.00014,0.0003,2e-05,0.00053,0.00019,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00027,4e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.0001,0.00017,0.0001,0.00019,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00031,0.00019,6e-05,0.00013,0.00024,0.00016,0.0,0.00018,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.3088,0.0005,0.00028,0.00012,0.00052,0.00285,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00022,5e-05,0.00024,8e-05,9e-05,0.00019,8e-05,0.0014,0.00077,0.00138,0.00018,0.0004,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.0003,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00044,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00658,1e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0001,0.00089,0.00067,4e-05,0.00066,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00028,0.00046,0.00037,0.00013,0.00031,0.00088,0.00033,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00027,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00052,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00011,0.0005,0.00028,0.00085,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00084,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00033,0.00025,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00142,0.00014,0.00024,7e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00034,0.00322,0.00013,2e-05,0.0003,7e-05,0.00016,0.00014,8e-05,7e-05,0.01013,0.00069,0.00023,9e-05,0.0001,0.00425,0.00014,0.0006,0.00011,8e-05,0.00051,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00067,0.00018,0.00367,5e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.00015,0.00025,6e-05,8e-05,0.00028,0.0003,0.00012,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00021,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00019,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00014,0.00018,0.00825,0.00024,2e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00027,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00029,2e-05,0.00042,8e-05,0.0002,0.00054,0.00013,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00022,0.00015,0.00011,2e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00054,0.00021,0.00013,3e-05,0.00051,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,3e-05,8e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00028,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00016,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0002,0.00013,0.00023,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,7e-05,0.00041,0.00011,0.00014,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0002,1e-05,3e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00042,0.00046,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00033,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00071,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00076,0.0008,7e-05,0.00248,0.00341,0.0,0.00036,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00066,0.0,0.00025,0.00021,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.11,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00075,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00029,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00178,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00041,5e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00019,4e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.00023,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00011,7e-05,0.0007,0.0003,0.0003,0.00046,0.00045,0.00034,0.00037,8e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00057,0.00044,0.00028,0.00036,0.00117,8e-05,0.00013,0.00031,0.00026,0.00034,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00098,0.00497,2e-05,6e-05,0.00956,7e-05,0.00129,0.00822,0.0,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.00047,0.00055,0.0014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0012,3e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.00015,0.00011,0.00045,0.00926,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00035,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.00034,7e-05,0.00043,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00537,1e-05,4e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.00021,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00707,8e-05,0.00914,0.0,0.00157,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00234,0.00085,4e-05,0.00183,0.00202,0.00047,0.0002,0.00013,7e-05,0.00092,0.00092,0.00045,0.00111,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.00014,0.00015,0.00014,0.0001,3e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.00018,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00018,7e-05,0.00018,5e-05,5e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00023,0.0001,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.0002,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00013,7e-05,5e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00015,0.00016,0.00014,0.00023,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.00014,0.00012,4e-05,7e-05,0.00028,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00016,4e-05,0.00022,0.00017,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00014,0.00025,0.0,0.00039,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00039,0.00055,0.00057,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.00043,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.00303,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0029,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00065,0.00131,0.00042,0.00203,2e-05,0.00025,1e-05,3e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0002,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0007,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00345,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00045,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0002,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254787,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00017,0.0,0.00041,0.00027,0.00109,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0006,0.0004,0.00024,0.00023,0.00065,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.00042,0.0031,0.00051,0.00015,0.0002,0.0005,0.00526,0.00095,0.00011,0.0001,0.00073,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00151,0.00555,0.00028,0.0001,0.00069,0.00063,0.00019,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00016,0.0,0.00149,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00022,0.00294,7e-05,0.00068,0.0003,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.00076,0.00089,0.00067,8e-05,0.00018,0.00018,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00096,0.0,0.00092,0.00093,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00024,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.00015,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,0.00016,0.00017,4e-05,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00067,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00035,0.00011,4e-05,0.00017,0.00021,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00043,0.00054,0.00037,0.00039,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00033,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00029,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.00582,0.0,0.00053,0.00104,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,0.0007,0.0006,9e-05,8e-05,0.0005,0.00078,3e-05,0.00095,0.0001,0.00038,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,8e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.00019,0.00051,3e-05,0.00045,0.00016,0.00023,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.00018,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0004,0.00017,0.0001,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0006,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.00014,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00531,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.00011,0.00018,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00023,0.00034,0.00028,0.00024,0.0,0.00129,0.00087,0.00118,0.00084,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00055,0.00038,0.00019,0.00019,0.00016,0.00023,0.00011,0.00014,0.00022,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00103,0.0013,0.00075,0.00105,0.00031,0.00041,0.00112,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,2e-05,0.00019,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0004,0.00016,0.00016,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00011,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0149,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,2e-05,0.00047,5e-05,0.00018,0.00031,0.00018,0.00029,0.0,0.00021,0.00031,0.00038,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,8e-05,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,0.00107,0.00076,0.00078,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.00102,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00018,6e-05,0.00016,0.00027,0.00048,0.00011,0.00023,0.0001,9e-05,0.00111,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00037,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0004,0.00023,0.00038,0.00025,0.0,0.00039,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00076,7e-05,0.00016,0.00037,0.00013,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00017,0.00021,0.00019,0.00084,0.00067,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00036,1e-05,0.0,0.00059,8e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00116,0.00082,0.00034,0.00018,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00025,0.00051,0.00105,5e-05,0.00028,0.0005,0.00038,0.00037,0.00023,0.00016,0.00042,0.00038,0.00095,0.00143,0.00115,0.0,0.00011,0.00032,0.00024,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00019,0.00078,0.00208,0.00053,0.00042,0.00025,0.00017,0.00079,0.00016,0.00021,5e-05,0.00042,0.00224,0.0002,0.00154,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00032,0.00026,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00041,0.0,0.00021,0.00027,0.00018,0.00025,0.00016,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0009,0.00053,0.00062,0.06504,0.00073,0.00151,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00029,0.00105,0.00353,0.00014,0.00015,0.00026,0.00104,0.00193,0.00052,0.00686,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00333,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00023,0.00015,0.0001,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.00021,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0001,0.00023,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.00082,0.00019,0.00144,3e-05,7e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00042,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00101,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00026,8e-05,0.00018,0.00032,0.0003,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.00018,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.00015,0.00039,0.00011,5e-05,0.00136,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0008,0.00027,1e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.00096,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00032,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00025,0.00034,0.00026,0.00021,3e-05,2e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00074,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00343,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00442,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00075,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00052,0.00042,0.00039,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00102,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00013,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0002,0.00017,0.00029,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00058,0.00054,0.0,0.00189,0.00589,0.00126,0.00177,0.00192,0.00205,0.00359,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.00248,6e-05,0.00054,0.00046,0.0,0.00032,7e-05,0.00039,0.00013,0.0003,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00027,0.00123,0.0,0.00014,0.00041,0.00051,0.00017,0.00016,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.02635,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00093,0.0055,0.00791,0.00624,0.01033,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00034,8e-05,6e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00102,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.00155,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00018,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,3e-05,0.00019,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00042,0.00017,0.00032,9e-05,2e-05,0.00065,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00025,0.00017,0.00047,6e-05,0.00037,0.0,6e-05,0.00114,5e-05,0.00053,0.00029,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00036,0.00039,5e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00162,0.0,0.00032,0.00024,0.0,0.00026,0.00022,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.02362,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00044,0.0,3e-05,0.00126,0.00141,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.01498,9e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.00047,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0005,0.00018,0.00014,0.00024,7e-05,9e-05,0.00055,0.0002,0.00031,5e-05,6e-05,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00049,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00041,6e-05,7e-05,0.00035,0.0005,0.00036,0.00015,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.00183,0.00132,0.00059,0.00269,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.00016,0.00012,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,3e-05,0.00062,0.00133,0.00042,0.00018,8e-05,0.00222,0.00019,0.00054,0.00021,0.00016,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00295,0.00128,0.00155,0.00099,0.0,0.00017,0.00101,0.00016,0.00143,0.00118,0.00054,0.00064,0.00085,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0005,0.01258,4e-05,0.0,0.00171,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.00055,0.00036,0.00048,4e-05,0.01218,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.01565,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00047,0.00047,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00247,0.00041,0.00021,0.00022,7e-05,0.00079,0.00039,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.00025,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00042,0.00014,0.00014,0.00024,0.00036,0.00031,0.00021,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00036,0.00037,8e-05,0.00024,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00043,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00209,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.04561,8e-05,0.00072,6e-05,0.00032,0.00081,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00029,0.00026,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.00017,0.00048,0.00024,0.00042,0.00026,0.0002,0.00034,0.00025,0.00242,0.00163,0.00206,0.00034,0.00045,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00013,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,9e-05,0.00077,0.00017,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00037,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.00044,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,9e-05,9e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.00011,0.00014,0.01655,0.00015,0.00088,0.00012,0.00015,0.00452,0.00435,6e-05,0.00196,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00081,0.00134,0.00091,0.00033,0.00072,0.00424,0.00089,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00014,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,6e-05,5e-05,0.00036,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00175,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00052,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00035,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0002,0.0002,0.00024,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,0.00019,0.0001,0.00016,0.00102,0.00085,0.00106,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00155,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00072,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00207,0.00037,0.00036,0.0004,0.0,0.00161,0.00455,0.00459,0.00059,7e-05,0.00119,0.00021,0.00031,0.00019,0.00011,0.00021,0.02382,0.00223,0.00063,0.00026,0.00028,0.00344,0.00089,0.00094,0.00018,0.00021,0.00108,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00141,0.00053,0.00101,0.00066,0.00342,0.00027,0.00046,9e-05,0.00029,0.00038,0.00024,0.0001,0.00028,0.00129,8e-05,7e-05,0.00024,5e-05,0.00033,5e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.0007,4e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.00021,0.00015,0.00024,0.00046,0.00023,0.00019,0.01682,0.00076,8e-05,0.00314,0.00186,0.00055,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00056,3e-05,0.00065,0.0001,0.00037,0.00075,0.00043,0.00041,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.00056,0.00027,0.00029,0.00013,0.00051,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00065,0.0,0.00159,0.00035,0.00017,6e-05,0.00142,0.0,1e-05,0.00073,0.00013,9e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00017,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00069,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00027,0.00013,8e-05,0.00019,0.00046,0.00024,0.00065,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,7e-05,0.00101,0.0003,0.00022,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.00021,0.00058,4e-05,6e-05,0.00032,6e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00089,0.00116,5e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00112,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00098,0.00017,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00111,0.00325,0.00011,0.00099,0.00206,0.0,0.00059,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00022,5e-05,6e-05,0.00014,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00393,0.0,0.00046,0.00048,0.0002,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00021,0.0,8e-05,0.00193,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00168,0.00015,5e-05,0.00018,0.00044,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00239,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,0.00031,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00033,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00131,0.00013,0.00013,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,4e-05,9e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.00026,0.00017,0.00035,0.00023,0.00033,6e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.00014,0.00045,0.00029,0.00013,0.00022,0.00099,0.00084,0.00066,0.0012,0.00111,0.00083,0.00067,0.00015,0.00013,0.00032,0.00128,0.00074,0.00044,0.00083,0.00214,0.0001,0.00035,0.00037,0.00038,0.00053,9e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00028,5e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00141,0.00349,2e-05,0.00013,0.00817,0.00014,0.00225,0.01026,0.0,0.00025,0.0,1e-05,0.00041,0.00099,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.00078,6e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00181,0.00012,0.00026,0.00077,0.01776,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00045,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00027,7e-05,0.00017,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00084,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00494,0.00015,0.00284,0.0,0.00092,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00142,0.00053,0.00012,0.00113,0.00059,0.00027,4e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00029,0.00082,0.00217,0.00593,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00029,0.00051,0.00047,0.00029,0.00018,9e-05,0.00023,0.00035,0.00049,0.00027,0.0003,0.0,0.00021,0.00011,0.00027,0.00012,0.00018,0.00028,0.00011,0.00018,0.00013,0.00041,0.00021,6e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.00026,8e-05,0.00039,0.00021,0.00025,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00019,0.00014,0.00031,0.00033,0.0,0.00022,0.00011,0.00044,0.00012,9e-05,9e-05,0.00027,0.00015,0.00018,0.00034,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.00022,0.00034,7e-05,0.00016,0.00035,9e-05,0.00025,0.00015,0.00022,0.00011,0.00034,0.00017,0.00016,8e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00035,0.00047,0.0,0.00182,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00112,0.00104,0.00144,0.00174,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00017,0.00014,0.00016,0.00174,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.01609,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0131,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00025,0.00012,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.00242,0.00639,0.00211,0.00123,9e-05,0.00043,3e-05,5e-05,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00064,0.00024,0.0,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,0.0,0.00118,0.00012,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00033,0.00028,0.00014,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.02053,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254788,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00024,0.0,0.00041,0.0002,0.00119,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00071,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00028,0.00026,0.00013,0.00018,0.00087,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.00054,0.00028,0.00216,0.00046,0.00018,0.00041,0.00091,0.01442,0.0016,8e-05,0.00017,0.00084,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.02335,0.00035,0.00036,0.00232,0.00153,0.00061,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00015,0.0,0.00078,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00022,0.00069,3e-05,0.00066,0.00018,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.00076,0.00084,0.0009,0.00023,0.00014,0.00016,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00203,1e-05,0.00323,0.00139,1e-05,0.00025,2e-05,0.00046,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,0.0004,0.00069,0.00069,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,0.00033,0.0003,3e-05,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0005,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00046,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00065,0.00023,6e-05,0.00045,0.00035,0.00035,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.00066,0.0007,0.00029,0.00042,0.0002,0.00012,2e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00067,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.00021,4e-05,0.00011,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0002,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.0002,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.00177,0.0,0.00013,0.00035,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.00028,0.00028,3e-05,0.00026,0.00014,0.00034,3e-05,0.00046,0.00024,9e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,3e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.00015,0.00017,0.0003,0.00043,0.00069,8e-05,0.00097,0.00042,0.00027,0.00018,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.01638,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00043,3e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00044,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00239,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00013,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00063,0.0,2e-05,0.00031,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.00358,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00013,0.00026,0.0,0.00022,0.00024,0.00021,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00013,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0003,0.00023,0.00051,0.00036,0.0,0.00188,0.00161,0.00134,0.00109,0.00092,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00027,0.00024,0.00025,0.0003,0.00028,0.0004,0.00021,0.00024,0.00035,0.0003,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.00087,0.00089,0.00099,0.00039,0.00046,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.00014,1e-05,9e-05,0.00029,0.0002,0.0001,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00011,7e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.00057,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00118,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00025,0.00053,0.00011,0.00035,0.0,0.0003,0.00042,0.0007,0.0,1e-05,0.00032,0.00026,0.00054,0.0004,1e-05,0.00107,0.00104,0.00085,0.00101,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00089,0.00103,4e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00025,0.00033,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00038,0.00018,0.01107,3e-05,0.00025,8e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.01109,9e-05,6e-05,0.00025,0.00034,0.00011,0.00019,0.00015,0.00011,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,7e-05,0.00037,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00041,0.0,0.0003,0.00011,0.00016,0.00013,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00052,6e-05,0.00011,0.00036,0.00021,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00027,0.00023,0.00031,0.00061,0.00124,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.00072,3e-05,0.00014,0.00028,2e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00027,0.00064,6e-05,0.00014,0.00027,0.00036,0.00017,0.00028,0.00013,0.00032,0.00027,0.00036,0.00292,0.00026,0.0,0.00019,0.00034,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0001,0.00053,0.00051,0.00051,0.00158,0.00026,0.00042,0.00055,0.00015,0.0002,4e-05,0.00056,0.00111,0.00011,0.00089,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.00026,0.00042,0.00057,0.00013,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00025,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00034,0.0,0.00025,0.00049,0.00034,0.00038,0.0002,0.00026,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00297,0.00237,0.00167,0.0259,0.00031,0.0009,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00067,0.0002,0.00079,0.00108,0.00017,0.00011,0.00028,0.00016,0.001,0.00073,0.00062,0.00013,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00042,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00126,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00035,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.00053,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.00024,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.0001,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0004,0.00015,0.00074,0.00026,0.00105,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00024,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.00024,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00023,4e-05,0.00018,0.00048,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0004,0.00027,0.00082,0.00029,9e-05,0.00096,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00335,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00017,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00072,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00042,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.00024,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00019,0.00048,0.00045,0.00024,5e-05,2e-05,0.00051,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.0001,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00026,8e-05,3e-05,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00631,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00026,0.00016,3e-05,7e-05,0.00041,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00026,0.00132,0.00036,0.00166,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00039,0.00045,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00021,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00034,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00052,0.00036,0.00026,0.00029,0.00014,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00048,0.00043,0.0,0.00022,0.00043,9e-05,0.0001,0.00028,0.00027,0.00036,0.00017,0.00014,6e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.0009,1e-05,0.0,0.00623,0.00017,0.00079,0.00062,2e-05,0.00038,5e-05,0.00047,0.00015,0.00013,0.00017,0.00018,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00017,0.00039,0.00076,3e-05,0.0001,0.0004,0.00046,0.00031,0.00023,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00242,0.0001,0.00016,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,7e-05,0.00042,0.00785,0.01449,0.00625,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00017,0.00039,6e-05,0.00012,0.0001,7e-05,0.00132,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00036,0.0,1e-05,0.00135,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.00018,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.00022,0.00019,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,1e-05,0.00092,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00017,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.00018,1e-05,2e-05,0.0007,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.00127,0.0002,0.00021,0.00014,1e-05,0.00061,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00016,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00076,0.00097,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00021,0.00013,0.0018,0.00054,0.00049,0.00065,0.00044,0.0,6e-05,0.00052,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.00015,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00033,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00019,0.00014,0.00386,0.00227,0.00146,0.00658,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00022,0.00015,8e-05,9e-05,0.00026,0.0002,0.00035,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00047,8e-05,0.00151,0.0008,0.00067,0.00015,0.0002,0.00153,0.00028,0.00086,0.00024,0.00023,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00016,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00408,0.00143,0.00116,0.00114,0.0,9e-05,0.0008,7e-05,0.00139,0.0011,0.00059,0.00072,0.00079,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.01986,0.00023,7e-05,0.00216,0.0,0.00015,0.00012,0.00047,0.0018,0.00049,2e-05,0.00346,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0802,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00033,0.00037,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00031,0.00054,0.00033,0.00053,5e-05,0.00115,0.00054,7e-05,0.00011,2e-05,3e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00066,0.00052,0.0001,0.00032,0.00022,0.0004,0.00028,0.00043,0.00034,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.00033,0.00036,0.00013,0.00027,0.00039,8e-05,1e-05,0.00047,0.00061,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00014,1e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00088,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0483,0.00014,0.0001,0.00013,0.00056,0.00047,9e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.00029,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0003,0.00013,0.00032,0.00031,0.00049,0.00016,0.00021,0.00033,0.00025,0.00397,0.00284,0.00419,0.00025,0.00049,0.00043,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.00023,0.00017,0.0001,9e-05,0.0001,7e-05,8e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00017,0.0011,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00067,7e-05,7e-05,9e-05,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,0.0,3e-05,0.00038,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00081,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00025,4e-05,6e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.00012,9e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.00824,0.00019,0.00016,0.0002,0.0003,0.00172,0.00039,0.00015,0.00084,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00013,5e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00011,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00083,0.00309,0.00445,0.00278,0.00115,0.00214,0.01031,0.0035,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00028,8e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00064,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00023,0.00017,8e-05,0.00091,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00305,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00033,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00043,0.00061,0.0,4e-05,0.00039,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00028,0.00026,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00046,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.00039,0.00019,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0005,0.00031,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.00157,0.00075,0.00028,0.00021,0.0,0.0002,0.00042,0.00158,0.00053,0.0,0.00108,0.00018,0.00048,0.00032,0.00011,0.00013,0.00419,0.00034,0.00105,0.00023,0.0003,0.04681,0.00067,0.00146,0.00014,0.00017,0.00117,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,0.00056,0.00106,0.00051,0.00291,0.00029,0.00022,5e-05,0.00039,0.00033,0.00018,0.00011,0.00149,0.00015,0.00015,0.00026,0.00013,6e-05,0.00033,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00013,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00022,0.00017,4e-05,0.00062,0.0005,0.00021,0.01581,0.00044,0.00015,0.00015,0.00026,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0007,4e-05,0.00038,0.00019,0.0004,0.00157,0.00014,0.00019,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00025,7e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00069,0.00017,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,0.00064,0.0,0.00146,0.00037,7e-05,6e-05,0.00031,1e-05,1e-05,0.00057,0.00017,0.00022,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,0.00024,7e-05,1e-05,0.00012,3e-05,6e-05,0.00062,0.0001,0.00019,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.00081,0.00031,0.00021,0.00099,0.00099,0.00097,0.00221,0.0,0.00078,3e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.00047,0.0002,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00021,0.00156,1e-05,6e-05,0.00015,3e-05,3e-05,0.00039,0.00128,6e-05,1e-05,0.00013,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00034,0.00013,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00032,0.00113,0.0004,0.00012,0.00013,0.00046,0.0,0.00046,0.00031,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.00025,3e-05,0.0004,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00127,0.00463,0.00014,0.00027,0.00235,3e-05,0.00075,0.0005,0.00049,9e-05,0.0003,0.0001,0.0002,0.00043,0.00034,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,1e-05,0.00024,0.00036,0.0,0.00065,0.00051,0.00077,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,0.00279,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00078,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00313,0.0001,0.0001,4e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00024,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.00073,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00064,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00065,0.00013,0.00034,0.00014,0.00028,0.0,0.00016,0.00022,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00103,3e-05,1e-05,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,2e-05,9e-05,0.0003,5e-05,0.00029,0.00041,0.00088,0.00022,0.00044,0.00014,7e-05,0.00028,0.00016,0.00034,0.00062,0.00028,0.00047,0.0013,0.00095,0.00137,0.00179,0.00102,0.00138,0.00076,0.00029,0.0003,0.00051,0.00164,0.001,0.00103,0.00132,0.00174,0.00023,0.00044,0.00037,0.0006,0.00089,0.00037,1e-05,0.00057,0.00031,0.00014,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0003,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00192,0.0014,6e-05,6e-05,0.00948,0.0002,0.0032,0.03651,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,5e-05,0.00054,0.00025,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00396,5e-05,0.00763,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00327,0.00042,0.00061,0.01024,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00032,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00055,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00037,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00187,6e-05,0.00094,0.0,0.00064,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.00023,4e-05,0.00046,0.00032,0.00018,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00054,0.00043,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,0.00031,0.00025,0.00047,0.00027,0.00019,4e-05,0.0003,0.00032,0.00049,0.00024,0.00026,0.0,0.00032,9e-05,0.00035,9e-05,0.00019,0.00012,0.00016,0.00028,0.0002,0.00036,0.0002,0.00014,0.00033,3e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.00022,6e-05,0.00047,0.00021,0.00027,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0003,0.00023,0.00026,0.00039,3e-05,0.0003,3e-05,0.00031,0.00015,0.00014,0.0001,0.00043,0.00029,0.0002,0.00049,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.00037,0.00025,0.00011,0.00021,0.00038,5e-05,0.00026,0.00018,0.00013,0.00025,0.00061,0.00019,0.00022,8e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00036,0.00056,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00013,0.0003,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00022,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,1e-05,0.00116,0.00152,0.00197,0.00284,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.00044,0.00033,0.00065,0.00019,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00021,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00059,3e-05,0.00139,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00093,0.00011,7e-05,8e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00011,0.00049,0.00047,6e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,3e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0005,0.00106,0.00032,0.00045,3e-05,0.00024,9e-05,7e-05,0.00036,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.00021,0.00032,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00014,3e-05,0.00134,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00035,0.0005,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0005,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,2e-05,2e-05,0.00165,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00026,5e-05,7e-05,0.0004,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00036,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254789,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,0.00046,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.00017,7e-05,0.00012,0.00055,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00016,0.00119,0.00017,0.00014,0.00026,0.00066,0.00419,0.00073,0.00019,0.00017,0.00037,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.00464,0.00057,0.00046,0.00052,0.00045,0.00016,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00025,3e-05,0.0002,7e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00056,0.00048,0.00048,9e-05,0.00012,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.00044,0.00086,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00017,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00014,0.00021,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00039,0.0002,7e-05,0.00025,0.00022,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00053,0.00038,0.00025,0.00029,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00077,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00114,0.0,0.00013,0.00022,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.00016,0.0,0.00025,0.00015,0.00025,1e-05,0.00019,0.00018,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.00043,9e-05,0.00037,0.00017,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00732,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00075,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00041,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00283,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00021,0.00025,0.00021,0.0,0.00056,0.00038,0.0004,0.00038,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00018,0.00028,0.00018,0.00013,0.00012,0.00014,0.00011,0.00016,0.00013,0.00019,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00045,0.00025,0.0003,0.0002,0.00023,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,9e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00016,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00081,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00098,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00033,0.0001,0.00022,0.0,0.0002,0.0002,0.00038,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.00023,9e-05,2e-05,0.00071,0.00045,0.00046,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00053,0.00037,1e-05,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.00022,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00621,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00017,5e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00032,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,0.00021,0.00019,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.00019,0.00017,0.00028,0.00066,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.00013,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00071,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00015,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00013,7e-05,0.00017,0.00038,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.00019,8e-05,4e-05,0.00015,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00023,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00013,0.0,0.00013,0.00015,8e-05,0.00015,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00043,0.00071,0.00427,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00028,0.00139,0.00187,0.00035,0.00017,0.00018,0.00042,0.00111,0.00119,0.00128,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00037,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.00022,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00016,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0002,0.00028,4e-05,0.00039,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00047,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0002,0.00014,0.0004,0.00015,8e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00058,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00011,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00011,0.00038,0.00018,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,2e-05,0.00091,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00526,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00021,0.00084,0.00013,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,7e-05,7e-05,0.00027,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00022,0.00011,0.0,0.00059,0.00145,0.00036,0.00051,0.00078,0.00072,0.00113,5e-05,0.00012,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00052,3e-05,0.0,0.00145,0.0001,0.00022,0.00025,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,0.00029,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00019,0.00051,0.0,3e-05,0.00031,0.00026,7e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00116,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00258,0.00265,0.00336,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00014,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0008,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.00037,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00039,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00096,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,8e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00028,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,5e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.00027,0.00023,0.00036,0.00017,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00012,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,0.00013,6e-05,0.00134,0.00104,0.00073,0.00298,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,5e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,0.00114,0.00071,0.00051,0.00011,0.00022,0.00116,0.00034,0.00072,0.00019,0.0003,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,3e-05,0.00149,0.00068,0.00046,0.0005,0.0,6e-05,0.00043,4e-05,0.00069,0.00063,0.00027,0.00053,0.00044,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0027,0.00023,2e-05,0.00134,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00027,0.00099,0.00031,2e-05,0.0028,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00092,0.00139,0.01012,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00021,0.00024,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.00031,0.00019,0.00031,2e-05,0.00052,0.00021,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00018,4e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.00028,0.00016,0.00013,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00028,3e-05,0.0001,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,2e-05,0.00014,6e-05,0.00064,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01169,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00012,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00026,7e-05,9e-05,0.00019,0.00019,0.00014,9e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.00173,0.00109,0.00212,0.00015,0.0003,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00025,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.00029,0.0001,0.00033,0.00012,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.00026,8e-05,1e-05,0.00014,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00017,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00267,0.00012,6e-05,8e-05,0.00014,0.00038,0.00021,0.00015,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00058,0.00153,0.00199,0.00154,0.00045,0.00121,0.00386,0.00174,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,8e-05,1e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.00015,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00144,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00032,0.00032,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00021,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00019,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00058,0.0007,0.00024,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00086,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.00018,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00064,7e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00011,0.00051,2e-05,0.00093,7e-05,1e-05,0.00092,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00077,0.00065,0.00072,7e-05,0.00019,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,5e-05,0.00533,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00032,1e-05,0.00021,9e-05,0.00016,0.00072,0.06768,0.07976,0.05026,0.0,0.0,0.07772,0.15075,0.06225,0.03596,0.02674,0.01704,0.0616,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00038,0.0,0.00087,0.00013,3e-05,4e-05,0.00021,0.0,2e-05,0.00058,8e-05,4e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.00015,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00031,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0004,0.00012,9e-05,0.0003,0.00054,0.00026,0.00135,0.0,0.00048,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00036,6e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00031,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00157,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00022,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00079,0.00025,0.00012,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00013,0.00025,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.00029,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00086,0.00093,0.00018,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00044,0.00024,0.00038,0.0001,0.00017,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00035,0.0001,0.00023,0.00035,0.00037,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00093,3e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00024,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,8e-05,0.00031,8e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00278,0.0001,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.00019,0.00045,0.00015,0.00019,6e-05,0.00013,0.00017,6e-05,0.00016,0.00026,0.00023,0.00016,0.00069,0.00057,0.00088,0.00078,0.00081,0.00058,0.0007,0.0001,0.00015,0.00033,0.00098,0.00066,0.00073,0.00079,0.00119,0.00014,0.00027,0.00027,0.0003,0.00043,0.00023,0.0,0.00028,0.00025,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00025,0.0003,9e-05,1e-05,0.00088,4e-05,0.00034,0.00104,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,3e-05,0.00868,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.00023,0.00039,0.00357,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00015,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00023,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,1e-05,0.00026,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00031,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00016,0.00025,0.00023,0.00013,0.00011,2e-05,0.00012,0.00019,0.00018,0.00015,7e-05,1e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.00014,0.0001,7e-05,0.00013,1e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00027,0.0002,3e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.00024,0.00014,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.0001,0.00015,0.00023,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00024,4e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.00018,7e-05,9e-05,0.00026,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,2e-05,0.00019,0.00023,5e-05,0.00015,0.00013,8e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.00014,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00017,0.0003,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,0.00024,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0005,0.00053,0.00043,0.00095,3e-05,0.00038,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.00018,0.00016,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0012,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00065,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00039,0.00023,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00023,0.00059,0.0001,0.00019,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,0.00023,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.00025,0.00011,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,0.00033,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00045,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00078,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254790,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00019,3e-05,6e-05,0.00032,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00017,0.00455,0.00121,0.0005,0.0015,0.00166,0.00645,0.00231,0.00024,0.00073,0.0008,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0033,0.1231,0.00098,0.00102,0.01055,0.00636,0.00198,0.00291,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,1e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.00012,0.00019,0.00024,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00332,0.0,0.00364,0.00036,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00019,0.00011,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00036,0.00016,4e-05,0.00024,0.00024,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0002,0.00014,0.00014,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0005,0.0,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00014,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.00012,0.00017,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0002,0.00013,0.00036,5e-05,0.00047,0.00023,0.00014,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.00016,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00092,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00017,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,0.00021,7e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.00038,0.00044,0.00021,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0001,0.00017,0.00013,8e-05,0.00011,7e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00012,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00072,0.00078,0.00056,0.00041,0.00046,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00015,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00031,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.00013,0.00012,0.00028,0.0,0.00024,0.00022,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.00181,0.00012,0.0003,0.00015,3e-05,0.00035,0.00023,0.00025,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00031,0.00014,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00021,6e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,0.00012,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00381,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,3e-05,0.00026,0.00095,9e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00097,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00026,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00012,0.00052,0.00025,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.00018,0.00014,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0001,4e-05,6e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00012,0.00047,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,0.00011,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00026,6e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.00024,0.00184,0.00263,0.00105,0.00315,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00263,0.00141,0.00118,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00026,9e-05,0.00027,0.00013,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.00041,0.00271,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,8e-05,0.00033,0.0005,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00031,0.00029,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00033,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00207,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00021,0.00021,0.0,0.00021,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.001,0.00086,0.00269,7e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.00054,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00069,4e-05,2e-05,0.00065,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.00014,0.00052,0.00011,0.02393,0.00026,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00027,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00024,0.00017,0.0004,0.00014,0.00028,0.00238,0.00019,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00128,0.00023,0.0001,7e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00196,0.0,0.00021,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,9e-05,0.00015,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.00034,0.00021,0.00033,0.00014,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.00013,0.0,0.00028,0.0003,0.0001,0.00012,0.00043,0.00017,0.00022,7e-05,7e-05,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.00089,0.00013,0.00105,0.00069,1e-05,0.00069,8e-05,0.0007,8e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.00013,8e-05,0.00018,1e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.00014,0.00105,0.00038,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00332,0.00011,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,3e-05,0.0002,0.00249,0.00991,0.00848,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00146,0.00048,0.00056,0.00062,3e-05,0.00027,0.00014,0.0001,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00091,0.00118,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00073,0.00015,0.00107,0.00053,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00023,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.00077,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00014,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.00011,0.00478,0.00303,0.00203,0.00915,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.00086,0.00043,0.00033,0.00011,0.00017,0.00087,0.00023,0.00043,0.00015,0.00016,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0001,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00248,0.00028,0.00039,0.00034,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.00031,0.0002,0.00017,0.00017,0.00025,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0068,7e-05,5e-05,0.00031,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00049,0.00026,0.0,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00057,0.05741,0.00011,0.00019,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.00013,5e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00032,0.00011,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01953,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00034,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0002,9e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00021,5e-05,2e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0008,0.00061,0.00076,6e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,8e-05,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.00039,0.00012,0.00052,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,7e-05,9e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.0029,0.0004,0.00052,0.00047,0.00046,0.00117,0.00122,0.00032,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.00221,0.0036,0.00232,0.00067,0.00143,0.0063,0.00214,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.00012,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.00012,2e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00077,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00077,6e-05,0.0,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00025,8e-05,0.00041,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.00083,0.00095,0.00011,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.00061,7e-05,2e-05,0.00021,6e-05,0.00032,7e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.00086,7e-05,0.00016,0.00017,0.00015,0.00036,3e-05,0.00066,0.00012,8e-05,0.01225,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.00048,0.0073,0.00159,0.00015,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.00016,5e-05,8e-05,0.00901,0.00012,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00021,0.0,0.00015,0.00016,0.00015,0.00076,0.02744,0.03454,0.02018,0.00058,3e-05,0.03822,0.06057,0.02052,0.01614,0.01161,0.02123,0.01937,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00038,0.0,0.00064,0.00092,0.00028,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.0001,9e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00027,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00043,0.00014,8e-05,0.00042,0.00089,0.00053,0.00154,0.0,0.00062,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00039,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00067,0.00019,0.00015,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00027,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.00017,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00041,0.00063,7e-05,7e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.00038,8e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.00032,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,6e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0005,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00384,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.00024,0.00025,0.00018,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00016,0.00014,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00011,0.00032,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.00026,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00026,7e-05,0.00022,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00015,0.001,0.00015,0.00039,6e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00012,0.00033,0.00029,0.00036,0.00041,0.00073,0.00116,0.00114,0.00214,0.00096,0.00092,0.00084,0.00019,0.00027,0.0004,0.00178,0.00073,0.00065,0.0013,0.00167,0.0001,0.0002,0.00023,0.00039,0.00068,0.00024,0.0,0.00028,0.0002,0.00011,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00252,0.00081,0.00012,0.00019,0.01287,0.00021,0.00921,0.0279,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00126,0.0005,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,0.0176,0.0001,0.00661,4e-05,0.00013,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00045,0.00022,0.00017,0.00019,0.00374,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00059,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00011,0.00027,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.00017,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,5e-05,0.00013,5e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00011,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0001,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,7e-05,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00015,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0001,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00027,0.00041,0.00033,0.0004,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00013,9e-05,9e-05,0.00025,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00079,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00067,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00043,0.00029,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00025,0.00061,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,5e-05,1e-05,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00021,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,2e-05,0.00074,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00135,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00026,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254791,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00019,0.0,0.00039,0.00027,0.00089,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0011,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00048,0.00033,0.0002,0.00029,0.0011,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00078,0.0005,0.00319,0.00036,0.00011,0.00013,0.00086,0.00918,0.00167,5e-05,0.00011,0.00033,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.00354,0.00035,0.00013,0.00052,0.0004,0.00013,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00027,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.00011,0.00156,3e-05,0.00081,0.00032,1e-05,0.00066,0.0,0.0012,0.00109,0.00114,0.00021,0.00011,0.00024,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00124,0.0,0.0013,0.00194,2e-05,0.00026,5e-05,0.00027,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00027,0.00058,0.00067,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00042,0.00036,0.00011,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00095,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0007,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0012,0.00066,0.00012,0.0008,0.00062,0.0006,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0009,0.00086,0.00047,0.00076,0.00021,0.00018,7e-05,0.00011,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00025,0.00035,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0042,0.00011,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.00339,0.0,0.00033,0.00072,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.00054,0.00053,8e-05,0.00021,0.00037,0.00055,2e-05,0.00059,0.00033,0.0001,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00026,0.00024,0.00017,0.00054,0.00018,0.00125,0.00017,0.00097,0.00056,0.00028,0.0002,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00037,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00267,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00084,1e-05,5e-05,0.00021,7e-05,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,0.0001,0.00015,5e-05,0.00027,0.00679,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00027,0.00011,0.00018,0.00033,0.0,0.00016,0.00018,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00011,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.00046,0.0004,0.00069,0.0005,0.0,0.00153,0.0013,0.00138,0.00104,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00051,0.00044,0.00055,0.00047,0.0003,0.00038,0.00039,0.00034,0.00031,0.0003,0.00063,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00168,0.0014,0.001,0.00125,0.00067,0.00067,0.00122,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.0004,0.00025,6e-05,4e-05,0.00053,0.00025,0.00015,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00031,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,6e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00012,3e-05,6e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0003,8e-05,0.00197,7e-05,0.00024,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00306,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0014,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00066,0.0003,0.0008,0.0,0.00059,0.00079,0.00101,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.00071,0.00033,5e-05,0.00166,0.00145,0.0014,0.00136,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0012,0.00135,8e-05,3e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00035,0.0006,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00024,0.00614,4e-05,0.00016,0.0001,0.00014,9e-05,0.0223,5e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.00017,3e-05,0.0001,8e-05,6e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00034,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00093,0.0,0.00045,0.00032,0.00028,0.00023,0.0,0.00027,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,6e-05,6e-05,0.00035,0.00023,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00022,0.00034,0.00088,0.00084,0.001,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00011,5e-05,0.00015,0.0007,4e-05,0.00016,0.00021,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00041,0.00043,7e-05,0.00018,0.00014,0.00033,0.0004,0.00011,0.0002,0.00039,0.00027,0.00051,0.00121,0.00025,0.0,8e-05,0.00025,0.00028,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00033,0.00088,0.00016,0.00025,0.0004,0.00019,0.00053,0.00018,0.00014,3e-05,0.00031,0.00178,0.00018,0.00066,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.001,0.00059,8e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00046,0.0,0.00024,0.00036,0.00026,0.00042,0.00031,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00097,0.00092,0.00186,0.02751,0.00058,0.00106,2e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00136,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00142,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00235,0.00109,0.00395,0.00642,0.00097,0.00051,0.0008,0.00071,0.00457,0.00269,0.00299,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0019,0.00014,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00065,0.00034,8e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00059,0.0,0.00055,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0002,0.00026,0.00038,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.00014,0.00051,0.00013,0.00075,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00032,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00027,0.00036,0.00172,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00074,0.00044,0.00136,0.00047,0.00022,0.00072,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00103,0.00025,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00033,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00035,0.0003,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.00024,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00037,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0003,0.00061,0.00054,0.00029,4e-05,1e-05,0.00063,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.00022,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00036,0.00016,0.00013,0.00204,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.01272,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00052,0.00045,3e-05,0.0002,0.00066,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0005,0.00131,0.0005,0.00166,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00038,0.00063,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00019,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00037,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00042,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00022,0.00014,0.00039,0.00013,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0007,0.00066,0.0,0.00128,0.00367,0.00067,0.00084,0.00141,0.00142,0.00257,0.0003,0.00025,0.00013,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00017,0.0,5e-05,0.00152,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.00098,4e-05,0.0,0.00527,0.00013,0.00049,0.00041,0.0,0.00034,8e-05,0.00034,0.00013,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.00022,0.00063,0.0017,2e-05,0.00017,0.00053,0.00065,0.00012,0.00013,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00311,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.00088,0.00806,0.02292,0.02854,0.00012,7e-05,0.00013,0.00031,0.00021,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00181,0.00014,3e-05,5e-05,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.00175,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00022,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00018,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00076,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00126,0.00293,0.00037,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00088,0.00022,0.00037,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.0001,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00018,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00079,0.00111,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,5e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.00073,0.00063,0.00077,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00017,0.0002,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0002,0.00016,0.00232,0.00128,0.00124,0.00346,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00171,0.0,0.00033,0.00025,0.0001,0.00027,0.00024,0.00028,0.0005,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,2e-05,0.00291,0.00154,0.00142,0.00043,0.0005,0.00253,0.00076,0.00163,0.00035,0.00061,6e-05,0.00017,0.00011,4e-05,0.00015,0.00016,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.00377,0.00149,0.0011,0.00124,0.0,0.00012,0.00096,0.00012,0.00157,0.00106,0.00064,0.00071,0.00086,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00069,0.01813,0.00079,0.00011,0.00414,0.0,0.00025,0.00018,0.00068,0.00199,0.00058,3e-05,0.00755,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.01196,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00063,0.00066,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00058,0.00082,0.00035,0.0006,5e-05,0.00158,0.00049,0.00014,0.00023,0.0,4e-05,0.00047,6e-05,0.0,0.00042,5e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00059,0.00015,0.0003,0.00029,0.00044,0.00033,0.00059,0.00034,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.00014,0.00063,0.00057,7e-05,0.00017,0.00045,0.00011,1e-05,0.00085,0.00044,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00081,0.00046,0.00015,0.00051,0.00034,0.00163,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.02591,9e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00023,0.00073,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00017,0.00051,7e-05,5e-05,0.00015,1e-05,9e-05,0.00016,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00059,0.00024,0.0006,0.00048,0.00076,0.00028,0.00027,0.00041,0.00039,0.00429,0.00338,0.00469,0.00032,0.00075,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00123,0.00041,0.00032,0.00014,0.00018,0.00025,0.00015,0.00018,0.00079,0.0,3e-05,0.00097,0.00031,0.00132,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.00044,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0001,0.00072,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00011,0.0001,6e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00012,4e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00025,0.02991,5e-05,0.00019,0.00026,0.0001,0.00246,0.00044,0.00014,0.00156,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,8e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00015,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00074,0.00263,0.00354,0.00304,0.00103,0.00183,0.01029,0.00263,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,3e-05,0.00021,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00031,3e-05,0.00036,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00048,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0002,0.00014,5e-05,0.00143,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,0.00352,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00054,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0006,0.00037,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00037,0.00044,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00091,0.0007,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.00033,0.00019,1e-05,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00053,0.00066,0.00039,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00133,0.00084,0.00041,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.00117,0.00019,1e-05,0.00038,7e-05,0.00031,7e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.00094,0.00026,0.00013,0.00016,0.00014,0.00526,0.00012,0.00167,0.0002,0.00016,0.00109,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00143,0.00058,0.00236,0.00023,0.00011,2e-05,8e-05,0.00031,0.00014,0.00018,0.00025,7e-05,0.00015,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00031,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00027,0.0001,0.00013,0.01084,0.00023,6e-05,6e-05,0.00011,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00162,0.0008,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00075,0.00111,1e-05,0.00054,0.0002,0.00045,0.002,6e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,7e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00086,0.0,0.00239,0.00026,4e-05,6e-05,0.00045,4e-05,3e-05,0.00127,0.00025,0.00016,0.00098,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00017,0.00026,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00077,8e-05,0.00017,1e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00118,0.00029,0.00015,0.00079,0.00113,0.00074,0.00255,0.0,0.00084,3e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00049,0.0002,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00021,0.00066,0.0,8e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00814,0.0002,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,9e-05,0.00058,0.00017,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00053,0.00171,0.00079,0.00012,0.00032,0.00015,0.0,0.00039,0.00034,0.00068,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00064,7e-05,0.00031,7e-05,2e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00261,0.00603,0.00012,0.00058,0.00109,1e-05,0.001,0.0006,0.00064,8e-05,0.00055,0.00013,0.00011,0.00017,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,5e-05,0.00037,0.00099,1e-05,0.00085,0.00081,0.00095,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00032,0.00027,0.0,2e-05,0.0016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00323,9e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00424,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00073,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00072,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00133,0.00021,0.0005,0.00013,0.0004,0.0,0.00015,0.0003,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00071,2e-05,0.0,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.00011,0.00022,5e-05,0.00052,0.00047,0.00126,0.00025,0.00055,0.00024,0.00027,0.0003,0.00024,0.00052,0.00085,0.00053,0.00073,0.00186,0.00191,0.00196,0.00207,0.00183,0.00193,0.00132,0.00038,0.00059,0.00087,0.00244,0.0015,0.00165,0.00234,0.00305,0.0003,0.00073,0.00053,0.00089,0.00131,0.0005,1e-05,0.00107,0.0006,0.00016,0.00013,0.00023,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,4e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00044,0.00013,0.00012,1e-05,4e-05,0.001,0.00243,4e-05,0.0001,0.00523,0.00028,0.00284,0.01,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,2e-05,0.00081,0.00047,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0035,2e-05,0.00206,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.0004,0.00077,0.00074,0.03888,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00057,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00055,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00012,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00308,3e-05,0.00126,0.0,0.00043,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.00033,5e-05,0.0006,0.00069,0.00017,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00015,0.00033,0.00046,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00047,0.00053,0.0005,0.00041,0.00033,0.0001,0.0004,0.00043,0.00056,0.00037,0.00028,3e-05,0.00028,0.00014,0.00033,0.00022,0.00027,0.00035,0.00012,0.00032,0.00024,0.00052,0.00033,0.00018,0.00041,2e-05,0.0004,3e-05,0.00032,0.00011,0.00049,0.00036,0.00031,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.00043,0.0003,0.00023,0.0004,4e-05,0.00027,9e-05,0.00043,0.0001,0.00023,0.00013,0.00043,0.00022,0.00034,0.00053,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00037,2e-05,0.00046,0.0004,8e-05,0.00041,0.00059,8e-05,0.00048,0.00036,0.00015,0.00032,0.00064,0.00045,0.00022,0.00014,0.0,0.0005,0.00061,0.00095,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.00015,0.00037,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00192,0.00169,0.00134,0.00255,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00029,0.00028,0.00029,0.00043,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0007,3e-05,0.00356,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00235,8e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00019,6e-05,9e-05,0.0007,0.00058,9e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,0.00048,5e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.00074,0.00192,0.0004,0.00066,3e-05,0.00034,0.0001,2e-05,0.00058,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00014,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,0.00021,7e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00064,9e-05,2e-05,0.00068,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00049,0.00049,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00105,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0005,1e-05,1e-05,0.00275,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.00018,0.00013,0.00036,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00055,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254792,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,8e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.03321,0.02555,0.00995,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00019,9e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00115,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00144,0.00053,0.00029,0.00152,0.00018,0.00221,0.00455,0.00046,0.0065,8e-05,0.01355,0.00136,0.00062,0.00404,0.00088,0.00068,0.06021,0.0018,0.01442,0.00071,0.00058,0.69045,0.0083,0.00151,0.00097,0.00094,0.00016,0.00141,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00244,0.00475,0.00086,0.0002,0.00925,0.00059,0.00151,0.00049,0.00549,0.00064,0.00062,0.00038,0.02406,0.00133,0.00037,0.00252,0.0012,1e-05,0.00037,3e-05,0.00029,0.00096,0.00202,0.00034,7e-05,0.00026,0.0013,0.00035,0.00023,0.00723,0.00803,0.0008,0.00329,0.00527,0.0011,0.00243,0.00251,0.00098,0.0017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00146,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254793,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00938,0.0,0.00037,0.00054,0.00147,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00121,0.00069,0.00018,0.00082,0.00075,0.00244,0.00057,8e-05,0.00034,0.00027,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.04312,0.00038,0.00034,0.00406,0.00167,0.00112,0.00289,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00039,8e-05,0.00074,0.00014,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00067,0.00013,0.00026,4e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00445,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.00018,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00032,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0025,0.00024,0.00119,0.0025,0.00048,0.00028,0.00015,0.00261,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00237,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00205,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,0.00015,0.00061,7e-05,0.0001,0.0001,9e-05,6e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00014,1e-05,9e-05,0.00019,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.00017,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00224,0.00201,0.00093,0.00165,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00233,0.00155,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0001,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,4e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00025,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00028,0.00015,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0078,0.00489,0.01904,0.0003,0.00098,0.00085,0.00086,0.00515,0.00027,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00161,0.0001,0.00046,0.00051,0.00192,0.0005,0.00014,0.00109,0.0,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,1e-05,0.0,0.00233,0.0,0.00057,2e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.00055,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00057,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00092,0.00527,0.00042,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00067,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00011,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00355,0.00121,0.00308,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.14831,0.00047,0.00152,0.00023,2e-05,0.00043,0.00163,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.00046,8e-05,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00256,0.00103,0.00139,0.00123,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0088,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.09394,0.04199,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00356,0.00245,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.00011,1e-05,0.00021,0.00032,0.00027,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00018,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00036,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00169,0.00056,0.00041,0.01121,0.00093,0.00078,0.00074,0.00033,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.00025,0.00017,5e-05,0.0001,0.00029,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.00053,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00316,4e-05,0.0,0.05417,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00118,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.05924,4e-05,0.0,0.00022,5e-05,0.00022,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00021,3e-05,8e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00034,0.00013,5e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00028,0.0001,0.00337,0.00017,8e-05,2e-05,5e-05,8e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00021,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00162,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.12652,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00049,0.002,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00277,0.00067,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00015,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00097,0.00536,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00047,0.00099,0.00036,0.00115,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00043,0.00014,8e-05,0.00023,5e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00178,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00023,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00199,0.00152,9e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00012,5e-05,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00219,0.00013,0.00015,0.00013,0.00016,0.00017,0.00017,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.00011,0.00019,0.00017,0.00033,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.00013,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.1293,0.01209,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.00105,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0002,3e-05,0.00096,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00132,0.00132,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.00025,0.00021,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0002,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0086,0.0,2e-05,0.00341,6e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254794,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0002,0.0,0.00027,0.0005,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00045,0.07335,0.06565,0.00062,0.00024,0.00023,0.0,0.00055,0.00051,0.00147,0.00067,0.00015,0.00076,0.00062,0.00207,0.00084,0.00014,0.00033,0.00035,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.01572,0.00026,0.00033,0.01017,0.00421,0.0007,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.00015,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00421,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00488,0.0001,0.00064,0.00019,0.0005,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00015,0.00021,5e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0002,0.00013,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00479,0.00078,0.00052,0.00046,0.00038,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00117,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.00014,0.0004,0.00072,0.0002,2e-05,8e-05,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,4e-05,0.00011,0.00107,0.0,0.00014,0.00018,0.00021,0.0022,0.00011,0.00016,0.00026,0.0002,6e-05,0.00033,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00026,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00024,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00015,0.00015,0.00045,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00042,0.00052,0.00023,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.00048,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00012,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.00247,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.07579,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,0.0019,0.00115,0.01503,0.00038,0.00036,0.0003,0.00021,0.01638,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00023,0.00013,0.00012,0.00059,0.00014,1e-05,0.00055,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.00566,0.00014,0.0001,0.00043,0.00013,0.00472,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00125,0.0013,0.00919,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00027,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.06125,0.00023,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00041,7e-05,0.01202,0.00235,0.00268,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0002,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.00029,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01,0.00017,0.0008,0.00039,1e-05,3e-05,0.00513,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.02254,0.00037,0.00035,0.00042,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00038,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00059,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00032,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00087,0.00044,0.00036,0.00193,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0002,3e-05,0.00023,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.001,0.00048,0.00033,0.00027,0.00047,0.0006,0.00047,0.0003,0.00054,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00391,2e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0051,0.00049,0.00023,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.19959,0.00014,0.0,0.00029,7e-05,0.00055,8e-05,0.00016,0.00013,0.00088,0.0001,0.00015,0.00035,0.00024,0.00034,6e-05,0.00125,0.00028,0.00013,0.00161,0.01239,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.00111,0.00108,0.00148,0.0003,7e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00041,0.0003,3e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.00025,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00013,0.00037,0.0,0.00115,7e-05,5e-05,0.18712,0.00034,7e-05,6e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,8e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00086,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00027,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00023,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.00035,0.00013,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00011,7e-05,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.00424,0.00327,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00354,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.02449,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00022,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00015,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00061,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00428,0.0,2e-05,0.00076,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254795,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00103,0.00049,0.0,0.00057,0.00095,0.00191,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0004,8e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00018,0.00048,0.00011,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00683,0.0001,5e-05,0.00173,0.00065,0.00013,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.00044,4e-05,4e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00015,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00535,0.00029,0.00016,0.00011,0.00018,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00077,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00011,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,5e-05,0.00027,0.00048,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00018,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00016,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0395,0.00803,0.14053,0.0006,0.00654,0.00668,0.00554,0.00826,0.00103,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.0,0.00289,0.00256,0.00021,0.0034,0.00039,0.00037,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.00116,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00015,0.00121,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,6e-05,0.00107,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00124,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.00023,0.00016,0.00016,2e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,9e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00133,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0008,0.0004,0.00029,0.00155,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00019,0.00094,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00149,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00064,7e-05,6e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00346,0.00023,6e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00254,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00235,0.00012,0.00014,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.02618,9e-05,1e-05,0.00021,4e-05,0.00027,7e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.00037,0.00011,8e-05,0.00024,8e-05,0.00038,4e-05,0.00085,8e-05,5e-05,0.00038,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00052,0.00035,0.00086,0.00013,0.00015,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0003,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00386,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00015,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.60557,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.00058,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0013,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.00067,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00013,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00044,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00559,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00053,0.03594,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00131,0.00059,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00013,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00205,0.0,1e-05,0.00041,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254796,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.02838,0.00253,0.00861,0.00039,0.0008,0.00573,0.00094,0.0067,0.0002,0.05265,0.03002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0492,0.09391,0.0187,0.00075,0.00367,0.00136,0.00041,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00082,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00021,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00023,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00386,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00039,6e-05,0.00022,0.00016,4e-05,0.00014,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00023,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00031,0.00014,0.0002,0.00054,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00019,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00033,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,0.00019,0.00016,6e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,7e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00528,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,7e-05,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00858,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00278,0.00025,0.00106,0.00258,0.00029,0.00017,6e-05,0.00294,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00449,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0022,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00034,0.00021,0.00115,0.0,0.00028,0.00054,0.00038,0.00186,0.00033,0.00027,0.00039,0.00042,9e-05,0.00038,7e-05,0.00025,3e-05,0.00023,0.00056,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00032,0.00033,0.00024,0.00013,0.00078,0.00026,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00023,0.00032,0.00048,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00033,0.00014,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00029,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00062,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00257,0.00348,0.00114,0.00321,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00373,0.00209,0.00178,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.03699,5e-05,0.00122,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00023,7e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00087,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00043,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00022,9e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.00042,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00025,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0383,0.00501,0.01219,0.00018,0.00057,0.00058,0.00084,0.00296,0.00025,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00146,0.00066,0.00023,0.0003,0.00302,0.00026,0.0001,0.00215,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,6e-05,0.0,0.00355,0.0,0.00085,2e-05,1e-05,0.00018,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.00031,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00184,0.00163,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00087,0.00386,0.00047,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00122,0.00025,0.00035,9e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00021,0.00022,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00034,0.00077,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00034,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00036,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00045,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,5e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00389,0.00125,0.00331,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00525,0.0003,0.00161,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00105,2e-05,0.00013,0.00028,0.00068,0.00049,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.01787,0.00193,0.0023,0.00197,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00124,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00567,0.00733,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00079,3e-05,0.00386,0.00295,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00081,0.00049,0.00011,4e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.0003,0.00022,0.0012,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00339,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0025,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.01228,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0006,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00022,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00076,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00012,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.01433,0.00152,0.00171,0.00123,0.00179,0.00392,0.00237,0.00121,0.01209,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.0001,5e-05,9e-05,0.0004,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00091,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.00025,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00397,9e-05,0.0,0.0069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00022,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00148,0.00019,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.13348,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,0.00017,7e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00477,0.00015,0.00012,0.00013,0.0001,0.0005,5e-05,0.00035,7e-05,7e-05,0.00065,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00035,0.00045,0.00115,0.00012,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,0.0002,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,9e-05,1e-05,0.00024,2e-05,2e-05,0.06864,0.00017,7e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0002,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0062,0.00091,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.00031,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00026,0.00051,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00103,0.00705,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00118,0.001,0.00056,0.00245,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.00042,0.00038,0.00014,0.00053,0.0001,2e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00198,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00031,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0001,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00033,0.00072,4e-05,4e-05,0.00285,6e-05,0.0003,0.00226,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00034,0.00697,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00043,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,4e-05,0.00106,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00018,0.00075,0.00025,0.00016,0.00013,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00036,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.0001,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00043,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00071,0.00019,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00019,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00049,9e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.01949,2e-05,8e-05,0.00562,0.00026,0.00016,0.00018,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254797,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00013,0.0,0.00024,0.00018,0.00086,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00081,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00046,0.00037,0.00025,0.00024,0.00082,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00048,0.00033,0.00539,0.00214,0.00042,0.00213,0.00195,0.0114,0.002,0.00024,0.00069,0.00441,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0027,0.0818,0.00115,0.00069,0.01504,0.00709,0.00221,0.00404,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,0.00063,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00039,0.01412,9e-05,0.00077,0.00035,5e-05,0.0046,0.0,0.00062,0.0005,0.00041,0.00012,0.00018,0.00012,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00076,0.0,0.00077,0.00091,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00045,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00016,0.00012,3e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00023,0.00017,2e-05,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00065,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00044,0.00025,7e-05,0.00023,0.00023,0.00012,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00047,0.00045,0.00023,0.00031,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,5e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00015,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00272,0.0,0.00041,0.00084,0.0,0.0002,6e-05,0.00057,0.00056,0.00011,0.0001,0.00028,0.00064,8e-05,0.00069,8e-05,0.00027,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.00013,7e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.00043,5e-05,0.00039,0.00014,0.00013,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00054,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,9e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.00023,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00066,2e-05,1e-05,0.00079,4e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00015,0.00019,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00018,7e-05,0.0001,7e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00599,0.00037,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.00016,0.00024,2e-05,0.00019,0.00018,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.00023,0.00021,0.00024,0.00024,0.0,0.00111,0.00096,0.00085,0.00066,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00041,0.0003,0.00021,0.00013,0.00017,0.00018,0.00021,8e-05,0.0002,0.00026,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.00093,0.00084,0.00125,0.00043,0.00042,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,8e-05,0.00016,0.00014,4e-05,7e-05,0.0004,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00013,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00763,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00055,1e-05,0.00086,0.00011,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.00033,9e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.00015,0.00028,0.00035,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,6e-05,0.00019,0.00012,2e-05,0.00093,0.0006,0.00086,0.00074,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00059,7e-05,0.0001,0.00027,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0001,8e-05,5e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.00072,0.00011,0.00017,0.00012,4e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,0.0005,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0003,0.0,0.00046,0.00018,0.00022,0.00022,0.0,0.00028,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0005,4e-05,0.00018,0.00028,0.00026,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00033,0.00022,0.00041,0.00103,0.00058,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00031,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0016,0.00051,0.0004,0.00035,2e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00023,0.00037,0.00164,8e-05,0.00033,0.0003,0.00049,0.00044,0.00016,0.00013,0.00036,0.00027,0.00167,0.00226,0.00159,1e-05,6e-05,0.00037,0.00022,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.00011,0.00079,0.00157,0.00175,0.00043,0.00028,0.00016,0.00078,9e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.00033,0.00278,0.00014,0.00076,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0004,0.00021,6e-05,0.00012,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00045,0.0,0.00024,0.00027,0.00021,0.00037,0.00022,0.00021,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00069,0.00073,0.00057,0.0687,0.00054,0.00228,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00052,0.00147,0.00301,0.00036,0.00021,0.00033,0.00129,0.00182,0.00061,0.00791,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00486,0.00013,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00024,0.00014,2e-05,3e-05,0.00015,2e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.00017,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00014,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.00067,0.00021,0.00093,0.0,0.00011,0.00016,0.0001,0.00027,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00045,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00054,5e-05,0.00016,0.00035,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.00028,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.00122,0.00255,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00032,0.00012,0.0004,9e-05,8e-05,0.00098,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00061,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00097,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00026,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00015,0.00042,0.00032,0.00013,4e-05,8e-05,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00197,0.00042,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00167,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,3e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00482,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00046,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0004,0.00029,0.00051,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00184,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00014,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.00031,0.00029,0.00033,0.00014,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00074,0.00078,0.0,0.00148,0.00498,0.00082,0.00107,0.00192,0.0016,0.00404,0.00013,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00063,2e-05,0.0,0.00241,0.0001,0.00058,0.00049,4e-05,0.0003,6e-05,0.00039,0.00012,0.00011,6e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00088,4e-05,0.00022,0.0003,0.00033,0.00018,0.00015,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01482,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00041,0.00251,0.006,0.00943,0.0048,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00038,8e-05,5e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00089,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00112,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00016,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00042,3e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.00021,4e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00016,6e-05,0.00023,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00038,1e-05,0.00014,0.00023,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.00015,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.00463,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.00027,0.0,1e-05,0.00144,0.00206,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.00742,8e-05,0.00019,0.0002,0.0,0.00036,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00246,0.00067,0.00089,0.00024,8e-05,0.00041,0.00035,0.00022,4e-05,0.00037,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00058,0.00055,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00017,8e-05,2e-05,0.00045,0.00053,0.00043,0.00029,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.00235,0.00197,0.00092,0.00315,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,5e-05,7e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,1e-05,0.00079,0.00135,0.00042,0.0002,9e-05,0.00074,0.00023,0.00063,0.00017,0.00018,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.00202,0.00134,0.00117,0.00081,0.0,0.00017,0.00077,0.00017,0.00123,0.00091,0.00049,0.00065,0.00076,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00073,0.01355,3e-05,9e-05,0.00169,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00041,0.00052,0.00057,3e-05,0.00796,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.01757,1e-05,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00031,0.00038,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00124,0.00032,0.00013,0.00034,2e-05,0.0011,0.00034,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.00045,3e-05,0.0,0.00023,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00031,0.00013,0.00014,0.00036,0.00021,0.00025,0.00011,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00037,0.0004,4e-05,0.00033,0.00024,0.0002,0.0,0.00029,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.01911,0.00078,0.00081,0.0002,0.00088,0.00733,3e-05,0.00014,0.00022,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00036,0.00016,3e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00022,9e-05,0.00029,0.00025,0.00045,0.00018,9e-05,0.00028,0.0002,0.00264,0.00147,0.00231,0.0002,0.00046,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00019,0.00024,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00028,0.00011,0.00058,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00026,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,0.00313,8e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00015,3e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00013,0.00955,0.00023,0.00031,0.00018,0.00022,0.00054,0.00077,9e-05,0.00107,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0001,8e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00028,0.00081,0.00161,0.00096,0.00048,0.00091,0.01445,0.00121,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00022,9e-05,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.00012,4e-05,0.00034,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00157,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00017,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00034,0.0004,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00024,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00033,0.00024,0.0001,5e-05,0.00019,0.00014,0.00022,0.00012,0.00011,0.00083,0.00062,0.00103,0.0001,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00133,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00075,0.00045,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.00184,0.00064,0.00033,0.00023,0.0,7e-05,0.00025,0.00351,0.00018,1e-05,0.00051,0.00013,0.00025,0.0001,0.00012,0.00012,0.00558,0.00093,0.00019,0.00025,0.00015,0.00234,0.00011,0.00059,0.00026,0.00025,0.00054,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.00032,0.00078,0.00026,0.00649,0.00018,0.00023,6e-05,0.00012,0.00024,0.0002,8e-05,0.00014,0.00025,0.00023,2e-05,0.00016,0.00021,0.00028,0.00015,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00012,3e-05,0.00054,0.00011,0.00019,0.01203,0.00038,8e-05,0.00014,0.00022,0.00029,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00043,3e-05,0.0006,9e-05,0.00025,0.00096,0.00095,0.00125,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.00136,0.00182,0.00067,0.00095,0.00048,0.00048,0.00058,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.0001,0.0,0.00017,0.00057,0.0,0.00156,0.00041,0.00015,7e-05,0.00103,0.0,5e-05,0.00059,0.00021,9e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00041,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.00039,0.00027,6e-05,0.00026,0.00037,0.00029,0.00072,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,6e-05,0.00133,0.00031,0.00013,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00029,0.00031,5e-05,3e-05,0.00067,6e-05,2e-05,0.00035,0.00064,0.00141,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.0002,0.00093,0.0002,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.00096,0.00021,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0001,0.00019,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00046,0.00097,6e-05,0.00487,0.00203,1e-05,0.00081,9e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00017,7e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00025,0.00191,2e-05,0.00026,0.00035,0.00021,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,0.0017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00013,0.00045,0.0,0.00159,0.00012,0.00013,0.00017,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.00011,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00027,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00094,6e-05,0.0002,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00011,4e-05,5e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.00028,0.00011,0.00028,0.00011,0.00045,5e-05,9e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.00038,0.00023,0.00027,0.00024,0.00082,0.00099,0.00074,0.00095,0.00083,0.00079,0.00058,0.00019,0.0002,0.00031,0.00107,0.00057,0.00048,0.00091,0.00257,8e-05,0.00031,0.00037,0.00045,0.00072,0.0003,0.0,0.00044,0.00033,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00021,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00151,0.00231,2e-05,8e-05,0.0082,9e-05,0.00167,0.01276,0.0,0.00026,1e-05,3e-05,0.00038,0.00052,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00086,3e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.00025,8e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00018,0.00021,0.00046,0.01149,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00161,0.00034,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00038,2e-05,0.00098,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0024,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00034,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00497,0.00013,0.0035,0.0,0.0012,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00141,0.00066,5e-05,0.00169,0.00224,0.00041,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00034,0.00069,0.0011,0.00148,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00023,0.00032,0.00042,0.00021,0.00022,6e-05,0.00022,0.00035,0.0003,0.00021,0.00012,2e-05,0.00019,4e-05,0.00028,0.0002,0.00015,0.00019,0.00012,0.00018,7e-05,0.00026,0.00023,9e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.00034,1e-05,0.00021,5e-05,0.00034,0.00016,0.00016,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00017,0.00011,0.00013,0.00025,1e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.00022,0.00011,0.00011,0.00017,0.00026,0.00014,0.00017,0.00028,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.00028,0.00031,3e-05,0.00016,0.00035,3e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.00011,7e-05,0.00048,0.00028,0.00017,7e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.00032,0.0004,0.0,0.00089,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0009,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0008,0.00084,0.00127,0.00126,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0003,0.00017,0.00029,0.0008,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.00666,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00554,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00016,0.00016,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.0024,0.00567,0.00198,0.00387,0.00013,0.00031,7e-05,2e-05,0.00041,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.01599,9e-05,4e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,0.00171,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0004,0.00047,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00058,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,2e-05,0.00867,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00026,4e-05,0.00013,0.00044,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00035,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254798,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00024,0.0,0.00035,0.00055,0.00158,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00077,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00068,0.00058,0.00016,0.00021,0.00138,0.00053,0.0006,0.0,0.0008,0.00136,0.00501,0.00116,0.00042,0.00103,0.0015,0.00767,0.00216,0.00018,0.00033,0.00103,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00198,0.02522,0.00076,0.00066,0.00623,0.00546,0.00165,0.00232,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00022,0.0024,5e-05,0.00045,0.00011,1e-05,0.00067,0.0,0.00047,0.0003,0.00038,0.00018,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.00116,0.0,0.00073,0.00056,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00036,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,5e-05,0.0001,0.00019,0.00011,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00038,0.00015,8e-05,0.00066,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00028,3e-05,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00065,0.00036,9e-05,0.00031,0.00037,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0005,0.00048,0.00028,0.00034,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00044,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.00031,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00025,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00011,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00028,0.00206,0.0,0.00031,0.00107,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,0.00061,0.00043,0.0001,0.0001,0.00019,0.00053,4e-05,0.0006,0.00017,0.00023,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0001,0.00021,0.0002,0.00019,0.00049,3e-05,0.00045,0.00025,0.00038,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00012,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00029,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,0.00065,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00053,2e-05,1e-05,0.0002,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0002,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00528,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.00014,9e-05,0.00027,2e-05,0.00018,0.00018,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00012,0.00015,0.00023,0.0,0.00033,0.00027,0.00053,0.00045,0.0,0.00162,0.00166,0.00132,0.00126,0.00117,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0004,0.00042,0.00032,0.00017,0.00026,0.00023,0.00014,0.00015,0.00017,0.00026,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00128,0.00167,0.00104,0.00105,0.0007,0.00057,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,9e-05,0.00016,0.00018,3e-05,6e-05,0.00022,0.00019,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00026,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0001,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00438,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.00037,0.00027,0.00047,0.0,0.0004,0.00046,0.00069,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.00015,0.00044,0.00015,7e-05,0.00082,0.00083,0.00068,0.00064,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00073,2e-05,0.00022,0.00018,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.00013,0.00029,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00055,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.00019,5e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00022,0.00037,8e-05,0.00013,0.00014,8e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00026,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.00033,0.00026,0.0003,0.00019,0.0,0.0002,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00058,0.00013,0.00012,0.00029,0.00025,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00028,0.00038,0.00039,0.00103,0.0005,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00011,3e-05,0.00013,0.00094,0.00031,0.00031,0.00014,6e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.00043,0.00102,6e-05,0.0002,0.00026,0.00038,0.00041,0.00012,0.00024,0.0003,0.00025,0.00094,0.0014,0.00117,0.0,8e-05,0.00033,0.00042,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00071,0.00117,0.00028,0.00059,0.00023,0.00022,0.00081,0.00011,0.00022,2e-05,0.00088,0.00308,0.00016,0.0007,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00093,0.00036,8e-05,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00045,0.0,0.00025,0.0003,0.00026,0.0004,0.00016,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.00071,0.00058,0.12146,0.00077,0.00453,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.00039,0.00128,0.00274,0.00029,0.00014,0.00043,0.00061,0.00188,0.00079,0.00981,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00071,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0032,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.00028,7e-05,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.00024,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00026,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0003,8e-05,0.00085,9e-05,0.00081,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,7e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00028,3e-05,0.00017,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.00018,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.0005,0.00024,0.00083,0.0003,9e-05,0.00138,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00026,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00112,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00042,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,7e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00028,5e-05,0.00014,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00015,0.00039,0.00028,0.00014,0.0002,3e-05,0.00059,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00024,0.00026,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00457,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,6e-05,8e-05,0.00061,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00429,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00024,0.00023,0.00051,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00028,0.00025,0.00036,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0004,0.001,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00029,4e-05,0.00022,6e-05,0.00048,5e-05,0.00059,4e-05,0.00044,0.00029,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00016,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00046,0.00028,0.00027,0.00034,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00053,0.00082,0.0,0.0015,0.00361,0.0007,0.00083,0.00117,0.00133,0.00274,0.00018,0.00018,7e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.00077,0.0,5e-05,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.00072,8e-05,0.0,0.00286,0.00012,0.0005,0.00039,3e-05,0.00032,0.00013,0.00027,0.00011,0.00027,0.0001,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.00012,0.00023,0.00091,4e-05,7e-05,0.00029,0.00038,0.0002,0.00014,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00348,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0004,0.00172,0.00605,0.00689,0.00528,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00027,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00073,6e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00098,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00012,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00026,4e-05,0.00014,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.00011,0.00046,3e-05,0.00149,0.0,3e-05,0.00027,1e-05,0.00063,0.00017,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,0.00017,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00147,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00043,0.0,2e-05,0.00093,0.00106,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.00668,0.00022,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,0.00042,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00011,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00037,0.0001,0.00024,2e-05,7e-05,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00076,0.00067,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00021,7e-05,4e-05,0.00134,0.003,0.00173,0.00075,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.00014,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00012,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00023,0.00011,0.00173,0.00115,0.00066,0.00257,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00014,0.0001,0.00012,0.00014,0.00016,0.00039,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,4e-05,0.00074,0.00118,0.00037,0.00016,9e-05,0.00083,0.00021,0.00065,0.00015,0.00021,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00011,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,2e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,0.00193,0.00139,0.00131,0.00085,0.0,0.00021,0.00083,0.00015,0.00137,0.0011,0.00067,0.00078,0.00074,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00051,0.01039,2e-05,3e-05,0.00103,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00037,0.00042,0.00039,1e-05,0.00766,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.01022,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00049,0.00048,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00114,0.00057,0.00028,0.00037,4e-05,0.00416,0.00038,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00058,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,6e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00075,9e-05,0.0002,0.00023,0.00048,0.00022,0.00035,0.00042,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,4e-05,6e-05,0.00079,0.00054,9e-05,0.00025,0.00038,0.00019,0.0,0.00042,0.00059,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,8e-05,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0014,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.07573,0.00019,7e-05,9e-05,0.00027,0.00066,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00033,0.00041,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00018,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0019,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00021,0.00014,0.0003,0.00024,0.00038,0.00013,0.00019,0.00031,0.00021,0.00191,0.00128,0.00191,0.00019,0.00064,0.00026,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00061,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00026,0.00076,0.00018,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00065,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,0.00075,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00016,8e-05,0.0001,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0001,4e-05,9e-05,8e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00016,0.01006,6e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.0002,0.00044,0.00048,7e-05,0.00092,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.00015,5e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0001,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00064,0.00126,0.00195,0.00148,0.00065,0.0014,0.00447,0.00217,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00017,0.00014,3e-05,0.00079,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0013,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00032,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.00032,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,0.00068,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00032,0.00038,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0006,0.00046,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0001,9e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00037,0.00028,0.00064,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00134,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00071,0.00044,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00228,0.00056,0.00052,0.00031,5e-05,0.00025,0.00074,0.00365,0.00042,2e-05,0.00087,0.00015,0.00035,0.00011,0.00017,0.00022,0.02712,0.00152,0.00035,0.00046,0.00022,0.00171,0.00025,0.00135,0.00041,0.00019,0.00109,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,0.00045,0.00113,0.0007,0.00418,0.00026,0.00042,0.0001,0.00016,0.00034,0.00036,4e-05,0.00022,0.00066,0.00016,4e-05,0.00026,0.00011,0.00036,2e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.00016,8e-05,0.00019,0.00027,0.00013,0.00046,0.00024,0.00021,0.03175,0.00051,0.0001,0.00026,0.00031,0.00073,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00051,9e-05,0.00039,0.00028,0.0008,0.00214,0.00057,0.0007,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00094,0.00036,0.00081,0.00027,0.0004,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00019,8e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00053,0.0,0.00196,0.00022,0.00015,6e-05,0.0007,4e-05,7e-05,0.00055,0.00016,0.0001,0.00052,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.00023,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00089,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00065,0.00038,0.00011,0.00034,0.00069,0.00062,0.00169,0.0,0.00039,3e-05,0.00017,0.00088,0.00023,0.00019,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,0.00017,0.00035,7e-05,6e-05,0.00058,4e-05,2e-05,0.00028,0.00058,0.0009,3e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.00091,0.0002,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.00117,0.00026,9e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.00024,0.0003,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,0.00011,0.0002,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00061,0.00114,0.00021,0.0009,0.00203,2e-05,0.00087,7e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.00034,0.00013,6e-05,0.00022,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00128,2e-05,0.00046,0.0003,0.00042,0.00046,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00042,2e-05,0.00022,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.00686,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0017,4e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00048,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00509,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.00021,0.00029,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00078,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00103,0.00013,0.00024,0.00012,0.0003,0.0,0.00012,0.00037,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.00043,0.0002,0.0006,0.00016,0.00095,0.00015,8e-05,0.00011,0.00016,0.00065,0.00035,0.00021,0.00035,0.00119,0.00086,0.00084,0.00104,0.00099,0.00083,0.0006,0.00017,0.00035,0.00045,0.00124,0.0007,0.00068,0.0007,0.002,0.00011,0.0005,0.00068,0.00066,0.00179,0.00046,0.0,0.00055,0.00044,0.00014,0.00011,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00127,0.00277,3e-05,2e-05,0.0097,0.0001,0.00204,0.00944,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.0004,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00093,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00044,9e-05,0.00028,0.00106,0.01353,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00125,0.00092,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00016,4e-05,0.00015,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00496,1e-05,0.0022,0.0,0.0007,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00133,0.00052,4e-05,0.00093,0.00068,0.00029,7e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00023,0.00049,0.00087,0.00156,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00015,0.00042,0.00035,0.0002,0.00017,0.00012,0.00011,0.0002,0.00037,0.00019,9e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00011,0.00017,0.00013,9e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00033,0.0002,0.0001,0.00016,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,0.0002,5e-05,0.00033,0.0002,0.00012,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.00021,0.00019,0.00019,0.00022,0.0,0.00022,6e-05,0.00025,0.00011,0.00015,5e-05,0.0002,0.00018,0.00011,0.00023,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.00029,0.00024,8e-05,0.00022,0.00035,3e-05,0.00026,9e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.00034,0.00019,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00026,0.00039,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.0001,0.00015,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00084,0.00087,0.00137,0.00126,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00046,0.00038,0.00083,0.00089,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.00387,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0034,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00015,8e-05,0.00012,0.00038,0.00036,5e-05,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00019,0.00204,0.00546,0.00163,0.00094,4e-05,0.00041,3e-05,7e-05,0.00039,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00031,0.00012,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00016,3e-05,0.00198,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00055,0.00069,0.00021,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00048,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,3e-05,1e-05,0.0019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.00021,0.00062,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00041,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254799,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00038,0.0,0.00036,0.00046,0.00125,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00067,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00047,0.00041,0.00014,0.00038,0.00077,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.00052,0.00031,0.00596,0.00033,0.00012,0.00015,0.00074,0.00395,0.00137,0.0001,9e-05,0.00091,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00187,0.00473,0.00037,0.00015,0.00063,0.00048,0.00025,0.00057,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,0.00083,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00047,0.00642,0.00012,0.00051,0.00017,4e-05,0.00152,0.0,0.00064,0.00059,0.00061,0.00013,0.00011,0.0001,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00107,0.0,0.00066,0.00088,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00016,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00027,0.00013,0.0001,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0008,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00038,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00046,0.00012,3e-05,0.0002,0.00014,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00047,0.00035,0.0003,0.00023,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,7e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.0001,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.007,0.0,0.00029,0.00035,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.00032,0.00035,0.00012,0.0002,0.00015,0.00055,1e-05,0.00058,0.00023,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,0.0001,0.0002,0.00015,0.0005,5e-05,0.00041,0.00021,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00066,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00014,6e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00036,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.00025,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00026,6e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00027,0.00014,9e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00386,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.0001,0.00011,0.00017,2e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.00028,0.00019,0.0003,0.00027,0.0,0.00074,0.00082,0.00074,0.00065,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00041,0.00031,0.00011,0.00015,0.00017,0.00012,0.00011,0.0001,0.00013,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00191,0.00062,0.00081,0.00054,0.00046,0.00074,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.00021,0.00022,3e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.00013,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00515,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.00021,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,6e-05,0.00012,4e-05,7e-05,0.00038,6e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.00032,0.00024,0.00041,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.0,0.00082,0.00076,0.00063,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.0006,5e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00053,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00028,0.00079,0.00013,0.00023,0.00018,9e-05,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00036,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.00028,0.00016,0.00022,0.00022,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00014,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00061,9e-05,0.00023,0.00021,0.00021,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00018,0.00021,0.00037,0.00084,0.00067,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00025,1e-05,2e-05,0.00028,0.00016,0.00012,0.00021,0.00215,0.00037,0.00059,0.00043,0.0001,9e-05,0.00015,0.00027,0.0005,0.00065,9e-05,0.00034,0.00042,0.00059,0.00107,0.00037,0.0002,0.00056,0.00052,0.00169,0.00248,0.00305,2e-05,0.00016,0.00059,0.00029,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,0.00027,0.00097,0.00264,0.00071,0.00071,0.00036,0.00033,0.00125,0.0002,0.00023,5e-05,0.00093,0.00599,0.00025,0.00071,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.00022,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00036,1e-05,0.00023,0.00046,0.00013,0.00016,0.00013,0.00014,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.00057,0.00065,0.1547,0.00117,0.00878,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00025,0.00071,0.00147,0.0002,0.00015,0.0002,0.00074,0.0008,0.00046,0.0045,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.00033,2e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.00637,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0004,0.00025,7e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.00012,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00016,8e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00029,0.0001,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00026,0.00013,0.00066,0.00019,0.00104,9e-05,7e-05,0.0002,8e-05,0.00035,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00026,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.00025,0.00031,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.00016,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0002,0.00014,0.00031,0.00011,6e-05,0.00114,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00034,0.00026,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.00136,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00047,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00019,0.00031,0.00032,0.0002,3e-05,1e-05,0.00042,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00109,0.00082,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00421,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00054,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00313,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,4e-05,3e-05,0.00035,0.00116,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00098,0.00043,0.00027,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00103,0.00249,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00028,0.0001,0.00036,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00063,0.00065,0.0,0.00153,0.00382,0.00071,0.00113,0.00137,0.0016,0.0021,4e-05,6e-05,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00055,1e-05,0.0,0.00336,6e-05,0.00043,0.00058,0.0,0.00045,9e-05,0.00042,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.00131,3e-05,5e-05,0.00027,0.00046,0.0002,0.00013,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.008,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00051,0.00167,0.00367,0.00438,0.00712,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00039,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00092,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0011,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.00047,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00035,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00264,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00077,0.0,1e-05,0.00098,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.01183,8e-05,0.00029,0.00012,0.0,0.0004,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00032,0.00023,0.0001,4e-05,0.00015,0.00019,8e-05,0.00024,1e-05,5e-05,0.00098,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00033,0.00067,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00026,0.0001,3e-05,0.00022,0.00033,0.00033,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00123,0.00082,0.00092,0.00172,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,4e-05,0.0001,0.00013,9e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,3e-05,0.00091,0.00111,0.00047,9e-05,0.00016,0.00075,0.00018,0.00047,0.00012,0.00011,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00032,1e-05,0.00231,0.00129,0.00101,0.00087,0.0,0.00015,0.00089,0.00019,0.00108,0.00085,0.00054,0.00051,0.00071,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00052,0.03333,1e-05,4e-05,0.00198,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00044,0.00043,0.00059,0.00021,0.01172,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,0.01164,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00028,0.00037,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00099,0.00029,0.00024,0.00048,7e-05,0.00052,0.00033,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00046,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00033,0.00011,0.0002,0.00018,0.0004,0.00017,0.00014,0.00028,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,2e-05,8e-05,0.00038,0.0004,3e-05,0.00013,0.00036,0.00023,0.0,0.00019,0.00031,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00011,1e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.00144,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.06562,0.00064,0.00029,0.00011,0.00064,0.00229,4e-05,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.00039,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00013,0.00038,0.0002,0.00036,0.00023,0.00023,0.00023,0.00015,0.002,0.00156,0.00226,0.00016,0.00047,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,5e-05,0.00037,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0007,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00014,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00013,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00045,0.00021,0.00017,0.01079,9e-05,0.00122,0.00016,0.00019,0.00057,0.00078,0.00026,0.00115,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00011,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00016,0.00065,0.0008,0.00065,0.00029,0.00054,0.00294,0.00104,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0002,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,0.00028,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00145,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00044,5e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00059,0.00032,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00028,0.00018,0.00021,1e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.00028,0.00015,4e-05,0.00069,0.00044,0.0013,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00105,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00043,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00177,0.00016,0.00035,0.00016,1e-05,0.00028,0.00099,0.00315,0.00031,1e-05,0.00059,0.00021,0.00019,7e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.02511,0.00177,0.00034,0.00016,0.00013,0.00274,0.0001,0.0006,0.00014,0.00019,0.00048,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.00038,0.0007,0.00027,0.0043,0.00016,0.00029,8e-05,0.00013,0.00026,7e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00075,5e-05,7e-05,0.00024,0.0002,0.00021,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00034,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00011,7e-05,0.00032,0.00016,0.00017,0.01419,0.0005,3e-05,0.00027,0.00677,0.00071,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00032,5e-05,0.00042,0.00019,0.00025,0.00083,0.00018,0.0004,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00043,0.00024,0.00025,0.00011,0.00025,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00053,0.0,0.00168,0.00032,0.00044,7e-05,0.00079,1e-05,2e-05,0.0026,0.00013,6e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.00012,7e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,0.00067,6e-05,0.00019,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00027,0.00018,8e-05,0.00021,0.00028,0.00024,0.00065,0.0,0.00025,3e-05,0.00013,0.00118,0.00022,0.0001,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.0004,7e-05,3e-05,0.00041,3e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00279,0.00116,4e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.00092,0.00018,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00105,0.00016,0.0001,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.0001,0.00011,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00076,0.00128,5e-05,0.00223,0.0048,2e-05,0.00067,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00015,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00142,4e-05,0.00046,0.00035,0.00018,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.00569,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0008,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00108,6e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.005,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0003,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00072,0.0001,0.00023,8e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0001,0.00022,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00026,8e-05,0.00012,0.00014,5e-05,0.0002,0.00012,0.00018,0.00011,0.0002,9e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00033,0.00015,0.00016,0.00014,0.00151,0.00067,0.00077,0.00054,0.00076,0.00063,0.00086,0.00012,0.00022,0.00015,0.00076,0.00083,0.00049,0.00064,0.00142,0.0001,0.00023,0.00023,0.00033,0.00044,0.00013,0.0,0.00042,0.00017,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00025,0.0007,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00141,0.00469,1e-05,4e-05,0.01632,0.00012,0.00161,0.01839,1e-05,0.00023,1e-05,1e-05,0.00046,0.00043,0.00114,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00112,5e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.00018,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0001,0.0003,0.00073,0.01082,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00134,0.00044,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00032,4e-05,0.00054,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00252,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00934,0.00032,0.00486,0.0,0.00232,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0031,0.00122,8e-05,0.00322,0.00166,0.00105,0.00037,0.00031,0.0003,0.00064,0.00185,0.00107,0.00271,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00019,0.00038,0.00035,0.00016,0.00016,7e-05,0.00015,0.00028,0.00038,0.00023,0.00018,6e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.00024,0.00011,0.00016,0.00026,0.00012,0.00014,7e-05,0.00033,0.00022,0.00015,0.00019,5e-05,0.00028,4e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00045,0.00019,0.00018,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.00013,0.00015,0.00018,0.00022,2e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00097,8e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00039,0.00017,0.00016,0.00033,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00025,0.00028,7e-05,0.00028,0.00042,6e-05,0.00024,0.00019,0.00012,0.00016,0.00043,0.00029,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,0.00033,0.00027,0.00049,0.0,0.00054,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00065,0.00067,0.00069,0.00082,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00026,0.00056,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0074,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00422,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.00017,6e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00181,0.00431,0.00152,0.00299,0.00011,0.00026,7e-05,5e-05,0.00035,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.00049,7e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,9e-05,0.0,0.00137,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0002,0.00034,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00036,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.00522,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,7e-05,0.00074,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00053,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254800,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.00045,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.00125,0.00014,2e-05,8e-05,0.00083,0.00587,0.00083,2e-05,3e-05,0.00053,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.00166,0.00062,8e-05,0.00031,0.00017,0.0001,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,0.00245,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0006,0.01047,0.0001,0.00044,0.00027,0.0,0.00223,0.0,0.00024,0.0002,0.00018,0.00024,6e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.00035,0.00047,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00036,0.00039,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00024,0.00021,0.00016,0.00024,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0007,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00017,5e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00021,3e-05,0.00016,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00028,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00064,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0008,0.00087,0.00083,0.00057,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0001,7e-05,7e-05,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00195,0.00143,0.00053,0.00067,0.00018,0.00016,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.00027,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00249,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00265,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,0.00013,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00016,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00017,1e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0003,0.00018,0.00026,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00022,0.00033,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.01093,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00116,4e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00021,4e-05,0.00011,7e-05,6e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00033,0.00025,0.00011,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,7e-05,0.00043,0.00019,0.00222,9e-05,0.00061,0.00034,3e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00047,0.0002,0.00022,8e-05,0.00045,0.00051,0.00029,0.00053,0.00012,0.0002,0.00023,0.00026,0.00132,0.00288,0.00561,2e-05,0.00021,0.00024,0.00023,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.00021,0.00135,0.00195,0.00058,0.00087,0.00023,0.00016,0.00139,9e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00068,0.00302,0.00017,0.00055,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,8e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.00024,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00022,0.00033,0.48771,0.0011,0.01237,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,0.00017,0.00029,7e-05,3e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.00035,0.00016,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00164,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00175,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.00041,8e-05,0.00047,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,0.00053,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.00022,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00179,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.00014,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00069,0.00047,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0023,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0011,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00036,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00013,0.00033,0.00018,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00101,0.00535,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0007,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,0.00647,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00023,0.00032,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0002,0.00019,1e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00652,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00071,0.00106,0.00461,0.00215,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00033,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00216,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00082,0.0,5e-05,0.00077,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00199,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00049,0.00026,0.00025,6e-05,0.00013,0.00015,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00026,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.00014,8e-05,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.00019,0.00013,4e-05,7e-05,0.00044,0.00016,0.00027,7e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00108,0.00039,0.00034,0.00024,0.0,6e-05,0.00024,1e-05,0.00043,0.00051,0.00013,0.00014,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.03315,0.00011,2e-05,0.00048,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00019,8e-05,4e-05,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00042,0.00707,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0002,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00048,0.00017,0.00011,0.00021,3e-05,0.00021,0.00012,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00014,4e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00017,0.00012,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.00017,6e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.03699,0.00095,0.00031,0.00042,0.00116,0.00527,7e-05,8e-05,0.00014,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00016,0.00011,6e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.00099,0.00056,0.00093,0.00015,0.00024,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00032,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00358,3e-05,0.00012,8e-05,9e-05,0.00063,0.00011,3e-05,0.00037,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00051,0.00071,0.00045,0.00016,0.00051,0.00245,0.00055,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.0002,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0004,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00027,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00018,9e-05,9e-05,0.00061,0.0005,0.00113,2e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00262,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00098,0.00034,0.00027,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00084,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0002,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00081,0.0007,3e-05,0.00013,0.00011,0.00074,3e-05,0.00141,9e-05,6e-05,0.00046,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00114,0.00028,0.00276,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.00012,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00026,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.00877,0.0001,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00025,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.00028,1e-05,0.00059,1e-05,6e-05,0.00031,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00011,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,7e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00021,0.00015,0.00037,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00015,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00035,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0003,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.0015,2e-05,0.00295,0.00588,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.00012,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.00059,0.0002,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00291,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00094,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00025,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00016,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00089,0.00016,0.00014,0.00029,0.00016,0.00019,0.00018,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00026,0.00015,0.00017,0.00018,0.00031,2e-05,8e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.00029,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00257,0.00672,5e-05,5e-05,0.02057,0.00029,0.00217,0.00735,4e-05,0.00027,1e-05,1e-05,0.00075,0.00095,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00278,3e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.00011,3e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.00036,0.00013,0.00016,0.00482,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00046,4e-05,0.00081,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.00328,3e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.00022,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.01001,0.0004,0.00644,0.0,0.00173,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00353,0.00163,0.00013,0.00199,0.00304,0.00098,0.00024,0.00037,0.0004,0.00089,0.00168,0.00048,0.0012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00022,9e-05,7e-05,0.0001,3e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.0002,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,8e-05,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.0001,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00019,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00012,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00012,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,8e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,0.00017,0.00015,9e-05,6e-05,0.0002,0.00011,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0001,0.00023,0.0,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.00049,0.00037,0.00038,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00282,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00256,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00027,0.00013,0.00319,9e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.00218,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00533,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00035,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254801,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.00067,0.00055,7e-05,0.00019,0.00048,0.00183,0.00036,0.0002,0.00028,0.00037,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00301,0.00051,0.00022,0.00076,0.00062,0.00045,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00073,1e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00012,0.00021,9e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00032,0.00021,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.00017,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00079,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00026,0.00024,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00026,0.00033,0.00042,0.00012,0.00012,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00023,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00288,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00331,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00022,0.00016,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00019,0.00022,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00153,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,7e-05,0.00025,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00025,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00053,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,8e-05,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00012,0.00296,0.00041,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00023,0.0005,0.00029,0.00021,5e-05,4e-05,0.00026,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00043,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00011,0.0002,0.01787,0.00016,0.0005,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,6e-05,0.00038,0.00051,8e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.00048,0.00072,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00038,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.00027,6e-05,0.00028,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00014,6e-05,6e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.00013,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00066,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,8e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00093,0.00017,0.00025,0.00015,0.00019,0.00081,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00109,5e-05,0.00043,0.00041,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,0.00028,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0088,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00115,0.00055,0.00115,0.00084,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00014,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,0.00019,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00057,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00227,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00024,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00017,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00204,0.00111,0.00106,0.00303,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0004,0.00018,0.0002,7e-05,6e-05,0.00057,0.00014,0.00027,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00086,0.00027,0.00019,0.00029,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0002,0.00013,0.00012,0.00016,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00527,0.00012,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00025,0.00012,1e-05,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00058,0.00696,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00045,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.02245,7e-05,0.00063,4e-05,7e-05,0.00039,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.00026,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00056,0.00031,0.00068,5e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0002,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00422,4e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00012,0.00149,0.00012,4e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00071,0.00125,0.00063,0.00024,0.00054,0.0038,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00027,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00032,4e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00055,0.00018,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0016,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00051,0.00013,2e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00077,2e-05,0.00043,7e-05,7e-05,0.00023,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00029,8e-05,0.00087,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00977,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,1e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0001,0.00024,0.06495,0.09606,0.08878,0.0,0.0,0.06376,0.18377,0.06571,0.05415,0.03964,0.01272,0.04503,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.00031,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00073,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00014,5e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.00015,0.00047,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00042,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0003,9e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00032,0.00427,6e-05,0.00014,0.00068,0.0,0.00025,0.00011,8e-05,2e-05,0.00013,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00168,0.0,3e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00038,2e-05,0.0001,0.0002,0.00012,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.00014,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00011,0.00011,6e-05,0.00013,0.00031,0.00034,0.00032,0.00034,0.00037,0.00024,0.00021,9e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00052,0.00028,0.00034,0.00036,0.00037,2e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00023,0.00019,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00039,0.00085,1e-05,6e-05,0.00309,9e-05,0.00159,0.00232,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00021,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00213,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,8e-05,9e-05,0.0002,0.00571,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,2e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00011,0.0,0.00027,0.00019,9e-05,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.00034,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,0.00019,0.00032,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00275,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00278,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.00027,5e-05,0.00032,0.00022,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00694,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254802,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.00136,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00853,0.00012,0.00032,0.0,6e-05,0.00126,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00059,0.0001,2e-05,0.00012,8e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00036,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.01299,1e-05,0.03407,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.00022,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00014,0.00012,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.00147,0.00081,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00132,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0076,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00379,0.00025,0.00162,0.00451,0.00041,0.0002,0.00016,0.00375,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00533,0.00141,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00384,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00034,0.00038,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.00012,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00034,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00256,0.00347,0.00176,0.00289,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00423,0.00266,0.00192,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.01425,6e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0006,0.00041,0.00032,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.00072,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00024,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00601,0.00594,0.01619,0.00024,0.00074,0.00085,0.00054,0.00428,0.00023,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00254,2e-05,0.0003,0.00033,0.00423,0.00036,8e-05,0.00286,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.00042,0.0,0.00529,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00135,0.00194,0.00281,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,5e-05,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0011,0.00574,0.00086,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00025,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,7e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00515,0.00216,0.00469,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01875,0.00028,0.00263,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00128,3e-05,0.00019,0.00011,0.00088,0.0002,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.01147,0.00267,0.00316,0.00298,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00839,0.01013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,6e-05,0.00658,0.00385,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00011,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0045,5e-05,0.00058,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.01956,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00537,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00639,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0056,0.00297,0.00282,0.00282,0.004,0.00461,0.00799,0.00201,0.00702,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00011,4e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00034,0.00091,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00069,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00625,0.00023,0.0,0.00952,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00657,0.00206,0.00138,0.00154,5e-05,0.00033,0.00067,0.00444,0.00076,5e-05,0.00273,0.00051,0.0022,0.00048,0.00129,0.00297,0.005,0.00052,0.00088,0.00221,0.00123,0.00149,0.00029,0.00484,0.00212,0.00226,0.00136,0.00288,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00056,0.00107,0.00256,0.00096,0.11191,0.00224,0.00078,0.0002,0.00043,0.00139,0.00133,0.00157,0.00039,0.0002,0.00238,0.00019,0.00086,0.00032,0.00097,1e-05,0.00018,0.00018,0.00036,8e-05,0.00033,8e-05,0.00121,0.0008,7e-05,0.00126,0.00043,0.00402,0.10262,0.00126,0.00024,0.00032,0.00048,0.00019,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00017,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00016,0.0081,0.00156,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00018,1e-05,0.00027,0.00049,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00163,0.01062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00191,0.00153,0.00112,0.00355,0.0,0.0,0.00118,0.00072,0.00081,0.00015,0.00081,9e-05,4e-05,0.00058,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00264,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.00024,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.00609,0.00138,0.0002,0.00017,0.00768,0.0008,0.01299,0.13391,7e-05,0.00021,8e-05,7e-05,0.0023,0.00056,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,3e-05,0.00032,0.00042,6e-05,0.00015,0.04115,8e-05,0.00019,0.00013,0.00034,0.00041,5e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00104,0.00133,0.0001,3e-05,0.00617,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,9e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00011,0.0,0.00045,0.0002,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,9e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.00043,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00089,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00024,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00796,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254803,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00025,0.0,0.00019,0.00042,0.00103,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.00018,0.00029,0.00032,0.00035,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.00129,0.00015,5e-05,8e-05,0.00077,0.00465,0.00092,8e-05,6e-05,0.00043,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00806,0.0004,9e-05,0.00057,0.00049,0.00021,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.00096,7e-05,0.00042,5e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.00028,0.00036,0.0004,7e-05,0.0001,0.00012,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00239,0.0,0.00669,0.00046,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00021,0.00036,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,4e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00033,0.00012,1e-05,0.00017,0.00021,0.00016,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00033,0.00032,0.00011,0.00015,0.0001,0.00013,9e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00076,0.0,9e-05,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00022,0.00014,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.00019,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.00011,0.0004,8e-05,0.00036,0.00016,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00032,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00033,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00239,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00015,0.0002,0.00022,0.0,0.00057,0.00071,0.00054,0.0006,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00018,0.00019,4e-05,7e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.00011,9e-05,8e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00105,0.00182,0.00045,0.00046,0.00017,0.00027,0.00058,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,5e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.00058,6e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.01479,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00026,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.00013,0.00018,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,8e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.00058,0.00036,0.0006,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00037,0.00033,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00711,4e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00017,4e-05,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00026,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0002,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00023,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,5e-05,0.00011,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.00028,0.00027,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00074,2e-05,0.00018,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.00012,6e-05,0.00021,9e-05,0.00014,0.00013,7e-05,0.0005,0.00017,0.00019,0.00035,0.00143,0.00111,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00048,0.00052,0.00031,0.00024,0.00017,0.00016,0.00049,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.00031,0.0021,0.00011,0.0005,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00026,0.00015,0.00013,0.00018,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00013,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.00018,0.00013,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00154,0.00126,0.00055,0.05402,0.0003,0.00129,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.00034,0.00072,0.00125,0.00031,0.00017,0.00021,0.00026,0.0012,0.00103,0.00071,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00176,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.00022,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00023,7e-05,0.00066,0.00011,0.00095,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0003,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00048,1e-05,0.01184,0.00024,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,0.00013,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.00035,0.00014,1e-05,0.00103,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00059,0.00013,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.00021,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00034,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00507,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,4e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00483,0.00011,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00032,0.00015,1e-05,7e-05,0.00024,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00014,0.00041,0.00013,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00081,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00091,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,7e-05,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0002,0.00012,0.0,0.00039,0.0008,0.0002,0.00027,0.00078,0.00043,0.00055,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00437,5e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.00017,6e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.00046,0.0,5e-05,0.00021,0.00013,9e-05,5e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0044,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0007,0.00281,0.00466,0.00355,0.00931,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00019,8e-05,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00045,0.0011,0.0001,0.00013,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00049,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.00161,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00792,0.00014,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00011,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,9e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0003,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0002,9e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.00022,0.00026,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,3e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00091,0.00046,0.00057,0.00123,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,6e-05,8e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00078,0.00041,0.00043,0.00019,7e-05,0.00075,0.00012,0.00049,0.0001,0.00015,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00178,2e-05,0.00092,0.00034,0.00037,0.00023,0.0,5e-05,0.00029,1e-05,0.00052,0.00048,0.00014,0.00018,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.04514,0.00032,2e-05,0.00081,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00053,0.00019,0.00098,0.00211,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.02341,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0002,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00014,9e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00028,0.00018,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,7e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.00016,8e-05,0.00014,0.00015,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00016,1e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.15412,9e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00016,0.00045,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00018,0.00014,0.00026,9e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.0013,0.00087,0.00141,0.00014,0.00023,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00024,0.00019,0.00011,0.00017,9e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00039,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,8e-05,0.00052,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00055,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,5e-05,0.00029,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00076,0.0005,0.00017,0.02663,6e-05,0.00018,6e-05,0.00012,0.00056,0.0002,4e-05,0.00117,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00074,0.00125,0.001,0.00035,0.00087,0.00419,0.00119,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00108,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00061,0.0,4e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00025,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00028,0.00036,0.00079,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00016,0.00016,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00218,0.00037,0.00023,0.00012,0.0,0.00019,0.00027,0.00373,0.00027,0.0,0.00081,8e-05,0.00017,0.00018,7e-05,6e-05,0.00294,0.00025,0.00049,0.00011,0.00011,0.02622,0.00032,0.00088,9e-05,5e-05,0.00041,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.00028,0.00064,0.00031,0.00207,0.00011,9e-05,7e-05,0.00021,0.00014,8e-05,1e-05,0.00096,0.00018,0.00015,0.00013,6e-05,9e-05,0.00014,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00029,9e-05,0.02354,0.00021,8e-05,0.00016,0.00012,0.00013,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00028,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.00017,0.00064,0.00022,0.00018,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00021,0.00012,0.00019,5e-05,0.00075,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.00064,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0001,6e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00054,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00035,0.00012,4e-05,0.00021,0.00037,0.00019,0.0008,0.0,0.00029,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00189,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00052,0.00025,0.00011,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00015,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00086,0.00151,5e-05,0.00048,0.00106,0.0,0.00028,0.00015,0.00019,4e-05,0.00024,6e-05,4e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00176,0.0,0.00036,0.00019,0.00021,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.01073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00029,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00103,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00042,0.00013,0.00021,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.00028,0.00012,0.00015,5e-05,9e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00012,0.00021,6e-05,0.00019,0.00086,0.00059,0.00067,0.0007,0.00046,0.00061,0.0004,0.00015,0.00019,0.00027,0.00092,0.0004,0.0005,0.00067,0.00102,0.00015,0.00019,0.00014,0.00032,0.00045,0.00012,0.0,0.00029,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00905,0.00224,0.0004,0.00021,0.01373,0.00086,0.02886,0.0492,5e-05,0.00034,2e-05,2e-05,0.00177,0.00117,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,1e-05,6e-05,0.00066,9e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.08503,7e-05,0.00045,0.00015,0.00034,0.00066,4e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00093,0.00027,0.00036,0.03149,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00011,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00166,9e-05,0.00097,0.0,0.00059,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0002,3e-05,0.00059,0.00039,0.0001,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.00049,0.00053,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.00015,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00022,0.00022,5e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.00013,0.0001,5e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0002,8e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00023,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0001,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00016,6e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,5e-05,0.00015,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.00013,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00022,0.00022,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00043,0.00051,0.00061,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.00039,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.01097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00499,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.00016,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.00052,0.00014,0.00094,3e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,0.00076,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00404,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254804,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0001,0.0,0.00091,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00048,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00012,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,9e-05,0.00036,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.16941,0.0,0.00075,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.15775,0.0006,0.0,0.0012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.58162,0.00433,0.06337,0.00258,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00242,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00035,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00275,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00079,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,0.00248,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254805,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.001,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00018,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,1e-05,0.00017,0.00142,0.0,0.00017,0.00018,0.00019,0.0021,0.00012,0.00012,0.00022,0.00022,0.00011,0.00019,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0001,0.00022,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00016,0.00023,3e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00028,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00016,8e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,0.00026,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00015,7e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00027,0.0,0.00037,4e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01342,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00032,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00053,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00222,0.0015,0.00108,0.0049,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00077,4e-05,2e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.00091,0.00011,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00058,0.00013,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.65374,5e-05,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.00048,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.00021,0.0,0.00028,0.00024,9e-05,2e-05,0.00153,3e-05,7e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0005,0.00017,0.00072,0.00025,5e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00011,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0388,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00026,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,9e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0017,0.20768,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.00431,0.00189,0.00845,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00073,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00048,0.00022,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00022,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00035,0.00031,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.01199,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254806,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00065,0.00072,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00464,0.00265,0.00081,0.00308,0.00309,0.00853,0.00283,0.00039,0.00125,0.00102,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00255,0.23016,0.00152,0.00117,0.01973,0.00833,0.00325,0.0087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00027,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00082,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00059,9e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00018,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00639,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00011,0.00022,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00053,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00381,0.00033,0.00182,0.00395,0.00123,0.00033,0.00029,0.0037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00413,0.00109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00285,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0001,0.00031,0.00206,0.0,0.00042,0.00054,0.00044,0.00284,0.00035,0.00025,0.00042,0.0006,0.00025,0.00037,0.00012,0.00036,3e-05,0.00041,0.00083,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00045,0.00037,0.00018,8e-05,0.00022,0.00049,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0001,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00477,0.00479,0.00224,0.00437,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00542,0.00281,0.00238,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00063,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.00062,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.00039,0.00035,0.00022,0.0,0.00061,0.0,0.00153,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00035,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00675,0.0044,0.03559,0.00019,0.00234,0.00265,0.00106,0.00352,0.00085,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00197,6e-05,0.00041,0.00027,0.00326,0.00055,9e-05,0.00191,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,1e-05,0.0,0.00372,0.0,0.00109,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.00027,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00011,0.00069,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00104,0.00103,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00147,0.01279,0.00082,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00055,3e-05,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00043,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00681,0.00182,0.00322,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.04719,0.03748,0.01249,0.00012,1e-05,0.00013,0.02089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00103,0.0,1e-05,0.00037,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.01306,0.00198,0.00218,0.0024,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0221,0.00034,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00769,0.04591,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00395,0.00277,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.00019,0.00012,0.00046,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00087,0.0,0.00072,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00203,0.00091,0.00086,0.00089,0.00144,0.00669,0.00288,0.00064,0.00175,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,0.00042,0.00023,0.00011,0.00017,0.00083,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00114,0.08556,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.0,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00309,0.00011,0.0,0.00407,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00062,9e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00347,8e-05,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00044,6e-05,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00032,2e-05,0.00032,0.00065,6e-05,0.00012,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.00017,8e-05,0.00061,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,0.06566,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00036,0.0001,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00457,0.00087,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00028,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00152,0.01083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00083,0.00134,0.00057,0.00201,0.0,0.0,0.00088,0.00062,0.00023,0.00027,0.00037,7e-05,5e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00308,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00087,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00055,0.00058,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00027,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00061,0.00241,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00024,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.00042,0.0003,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.00016,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00935,0.0,5e-05,0.0053,0.00013,0.0002,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254807,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00186,0.00069,0.00022,0.00065,0.00072,0.00154,0.00061,0.00013,0.00065,0.00046,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00123,0.00579,0.00059,0.00087,0.00244,0.00166,0.0006,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00049,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00534,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00047,0.00032,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00029,7e-05,0.00022,0.00038,4e-05,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.00021,0.00025,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00023,0.00013,0.00013,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,7e-05,0.0003,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00012,0.0002,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00032,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00538,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00102,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,4e-05,0.00032,0.00092,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00043,0.00017,0.00058,2e-05,0.00013,0.00047,0.00031,0.00149,0.00022,0.00025,0.0003,0.00021,0.00017,0.00029,0.00023,0.00057,4e-05,0.00032,0.00048,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00038,0.0004,0.00031,0.00013,0.00048,0.00027,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00082,0.00132,0.00045,0.0012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00115,0.0007,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.01574,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00158,0.00093,0.00509,6e-05,0.00024,0.0003,0.0001,0.00097,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00041,6e-05,8e-05,0.00058,0.00011,3e-05,0.00032,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,3e-05,0.00061,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.00169,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.00029,0.00043,7e-05,0.01105,0.00195,0.00273,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00041,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00072,0.0004,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00109,7e-05,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00069,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00156,0.00035,0.00043,0.00051,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00142,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00305,0.15772,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.0005,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,7e-05,0.00041,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0016,0.00025,0.00013,0.00014,0.00014,0.00084,0.00046,0.0001,0.00109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00039,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00056,1e-05,0.0,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00096,0.00018,0.00021,0.00024,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.58725,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00033,5e-05,9e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.00051,6e-05,6e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00036,8e-05,0.0006,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.00015,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00028,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.05218,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00097,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.00011,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,8e-05,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00047,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.01213,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00016,8e-05,0.00013,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00024,3e-05,6e-05,0.02379,0.0,0.00013,0.00078,0.0001,0.00016,0.00019,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254808,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.04232,0.00301,0.00134,0.00339,0.00269,0.01094,0.003,0.00221,0.00149,0.03477,0.00111,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.03894,0.07242,0.00215,0.0017,0.0141,0.00898,0.00386,0.00989,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00107,0.0,0.00069,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00029,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00028,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00015,2e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00288,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00063,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00143,0.00011,0.00072,0.00312,0.00018,0.00016,0.00011,0.00147,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0018,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00125,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0012,0.00165,0.00083,0.00177,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00225,0.00112,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00202,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00011,5e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00046,0.00037,0.00033,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.00074,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00023,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00058,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00318,0.00285,0.01017,0.00075,0.00042,0.00049,0.00019,0.00233,0.00013,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0019,5e-05,0.00014,0.00022,0.00146,0.00024,7e-05,0.00114,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00014,0.0,0.00159,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.00148,0.00357,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00042,0.00355,0.00024,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00174,0.00023,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00238,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,9e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00029,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00012,8e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00194,0.00061,0.00222,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00642,0.0002,0.00086,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,3e-05,3e-05,0.00029,0.0002,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00344,0.00111,0.00127,0.00125,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.39891,0.0137,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,1e-05,0.00245,0.00204,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00482,0.02815,0.00015,0.00055,0.02776,0.00134,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00023,0.00017,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00069,0.00033,0.00022,0.00151,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00087,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00728,0.0,0.00059,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00607,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0051,0.0023,0.00197,0.00152,0.00284,0.00645,0.00368,0.00108,0.00465,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.00068,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00364,0.00013,0.0,0.00332,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00034,6e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00075,9e-05,2e-05,0.00018,8e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00096,0.00013,9e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.00102,3e-05,0.00015,0.00257,7e-05,0.00241,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.00021,0.00028,0.00175,0.00012,0.00023,6e-05,8e-05,0.00012,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.00012,0.00353,0.00021,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00046,0.00035,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00065,0.00021,0.00032,0.00016,0.00024,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00016,0.00315,0.00056,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00573,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00327,0.00246,0.00191,0.00557,0.0,0.0,0.0023,0.00145,0.00129,0.0004,0.00092,0.00014,6e-05,0.00094,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00102,1e-05,0.00019,0.0014,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.00027,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00245,3e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,7e-05,0.00012,0.00015,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00043,0.00024,0.00091,0.00021,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00021,0.00054,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00243,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254809,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00016,0.0,0.0002,0.00025,0.00068,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,5e-05,9e-05,0.00029,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0001,0.00305,0.00025,0.00017,0.00012,0.00069,0.00209,0.0007,8e-05,7e-05,0.00694,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.00351,0.00147,0.00013,0.0005,0.00033,0.00012,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0003,0.00475,0.00013,0.00046,0.00024,1e-05,0.0012,0.0,0.00017,0.00015,0.00018,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.00035,0.00021,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00016,4e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.0023,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00076,0.0,0.00016,0.00025,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00022,0.00021,2e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.00033,1e-05,0.00036,4e-05,0.00012,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.00012,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00019,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00018,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00023,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00101,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,0.00078,0.00085,0.00078,0.00083,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,9e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.0007,0.00041,0.00039,0.00016,0.00016,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.00286,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.00014,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00025,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00016,0.00016,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,0.00025,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00038,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00022,0.00024,0.0005,0.00122,0.00011,0.00042,0.00034,0.00018,0.00151,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00011,0.00015,0.00012,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,3e-05,7e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00037,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00016,0.00017,0.00042,0.0044,0.00014,0.00064,0.00027,6e-05,0.00017,0.00013,0.00032,0.00068,0.00044,0.00022,0.00057,0.00064,0.0007,0.00112,0.00021,0.00016,0.00065,0.00055,0.00525,0.00773,0.00215,4e-05,0.0002,0.0005,0.00055,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,2e-05,0.00051,0.0017,0.00503,0.0018,0.00097,0.00045,0.00022,0.00188,0.00018,0.00032,0.00012,0.00738,0.00859,0.00022,0.00069,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00021,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0001,8e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00027,0.00024,0.11514,0.0008,0.00615,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.00018,0.00039,8e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00019,8e-05,0.00083,0.00013,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.05355,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00053,0.00028,0.00011,0.00015,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00059,8e-05,0.00059,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00016,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.00022,4e-05,0.0001,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00017,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00013,6e-05,3e-05,0.00113,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00047,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.00764,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00018,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.00014,0.00029,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00114,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00135,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.00251,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00037,0.00027,0.00031,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00093,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0001,4e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,0.00025,0.0,0.00021,0.00049,0.0001,0.00019,0.00023,0.00026,0.00041,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00284,1e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00034,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00024,2e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00526,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.00098,0.00269,0.00331,0.00439,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00115,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00037,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00039,0.0,3e-05,0.00064,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00375,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00035,0.00016,7e-05,6e-05,0.00013,5e-05,8e-05,0.00062,1e-05,2e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00023,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00048,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00047,0.00041,0.00025,0.00107,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.00023,0.00041,0.00011,1e-05,4e-05,0.00024,8e-05,0.00013,7e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.00539,0.00128,0.00337,0.00125,0.0,8e-05,0.00091,7e-05,0.00293,0.00103,0.00055,0.00066,0.00086,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.23945,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00032,0.00012,0.00011,4e-05,0.00135,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.03136,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00061,0.00021,0.00011,0.00012,2e-05,0.00033,0.00015,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,8e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00018,6e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00026,0.0002,3e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.09449,0.00027,0.00013,0.00019,0.00033,0.00128,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.00016,0.00027,0.00013,0.00015,0.00013,0.00012,0.00046,0.00031,0.00036,0.00018,0.00019,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00696,7e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.00013,0.0004,0.00046,1e-05,0.00073,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.00027,0.00016,0.0001,0.00024,0.00144,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00101,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00039,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.00033,0.00127,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00027,0.00026,0.00018,0.00086,0.00047,0.00182,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00039,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00025,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00102,0.00012,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00046,0.00194,0.00013,2e-05,0.00024,0.0001,0.00012,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.01159,0.00079,0.00012,8e-05,0.00013,0.00116,4e-05,0.0003,9e-05,0.00013,0.00019,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00023,0.00013,0.00152,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00015,6e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00028,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.00015,8e-05,7e-05,0.00824,0.00019,2e-05,0.00012,0.00023,0.00029,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00022,5e-05,0.00038,5e-05,9e-05,0.00032,0.00017,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00019,0.00012,0.00013,3e-05,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00013,6e-05,2e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0002,7e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,3e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00018,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.00024,0.0001,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,8e-05,0.00017,1e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00037,0.00027,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00026,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00039,2e-05,0.0024,0.00363,0.0,0.00042,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00073,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00529,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00027,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00059,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0023,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00057,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00023,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00012,0.00011,4e-05,0.00045,0.00015,0.00015,0.00018,0.00022,0.00013,0.00011,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.00016,0.00013,0.00013,0.00029,2e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00016,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00393,0.0057,1e-05,0.0002,0.02184,8e-05,0.00089,0.01223,2e-05,0.00024,1e-05,2e-05,0.00027,0.00051,0.00467,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00044,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0006,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.00024,9e-05,0.00041,0.00817,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00022,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.0004,7e-05,0.00045,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00258,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00542,0.00021,0.0036,0.0,0.00225,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00203,0.00079,0.00019,0.00153,0.00114,0.00049,0.00019,0.00014,0.00014,0.00045,0.00081,0.00062,0.00098,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,0.0002,0.0001,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.00013,0.00023,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00011,5e-05,9e-05,0.00011,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,6e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.00017,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00014,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,0.00034,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00025,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00117,0.00022,0.00026,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00326,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00228,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00023,0.00071,0.00028,0.00248,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0004,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00055,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00417,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00034,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254810,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,9e-05,0.00011,0.00022,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,0.01935,0.00434,0.00124,0.00601,0.00505,0.0221,0.00503,0.0009,0.00162,0.00331,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00508,0.29382,0.00285,0.00235,0.03574,0.0251,0.00778,0.01128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00048,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00021,0.00026,0.00033,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.00031,0.00034,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00084,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.00019,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.00014,0.00023,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00142,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.00011,0.0001,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,0.00018,0.00013,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00018,0.00011,7e-05,9e-05,8e-05,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00042,0.00032,0.00061,0.00012,0.00015,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,5e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00084,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,8e-05,9e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.00166,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00013,0.00024,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00043,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.00013,0.00027,0.00123,0.00014,3e-05,6e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00023,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,0.00024,0.00045,0.00034,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.0003,0.00034,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00017,0.00026,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.00048,2e-05,9e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00021,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.00066,1e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,0.00058,0.00059,0.0004,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.00054,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00022,0.00017,0.00034,0.0001,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00013,0.00012,0.01594,0.0001,0.00054,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0001,0.00037,0.00054,0.00011,5e-05,0.00012,0.00023,0.00035,0.00015,0.00166,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00089,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.00024,0.0002,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.00049,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00117,0.00063,0.00225,3e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.00074,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00011,6e-05,4e-05,0.00058,0.00013,2e-05,0.00041,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.00059,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00267,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00095,0.00685,0.0057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00038,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.00036,0.00276,0.00015,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.00011,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00139,0.0,0.00068,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.0003,0.00025,0.00031,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,0.00021,0.0,0.0006,0.00106,0.0003,0.00041,0.00058,0.00054,0.00103,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0006,4e-05,0.00079,0.00074,3e-05,0.00062,9e-05,0.00051,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00039,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00022,0.00103,0.00059,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00299,0.0001,0.00054,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,9e-05,0.00029,0.00116,0.00068,0.00094,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00134,0.00038,0.00063,0.00053,0.0,0.00035,6e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00336,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00128,2e-05,0.00101,0.00049,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.00021,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00401,0.00247,0.00185,0.00638,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,5e-05,0.00027,0.00048,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00027,8e-05,0.00021,0.00011,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00077,1e-05,0.00032,0.00023,0.00032,0.00032,0.0,6e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.00029,0.00035,0.00016,0.00021,0.00019,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0027,2e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.00038,1e-05,0.00256,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,0.01432,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,5e-05,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00237,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00012,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0001,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00079,0.00046,0.00069,7e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00023,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.07024,0.00226,0.00729,0.00469,0.00611,0.00448,0.00355,0.0054,0.05101,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,9e-05,8e-05,3e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00013,0.00022,0.00051,0.00055,0.00025,0.00028,0.00083,0.00048,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00028,0.00063,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00494,0.00012,0.0,0.00103,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00018,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,9e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00088,0.00018,0.00024,0.00023,2e-05,0.00011,0.00018,0.00111,0.00023,1e-05,0.00055,8e-05,0.00033,0.00017,0.00039,0.00017,0.00282,0.00047,0.0001,0.00029,0.00013,0.00102,0.00016,0.00057,0.00278,0.00024,0.01163,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,0.00025,0.00054,0.00165,0.03284,0.00019,0.00043,3e-05,0.00013,0.0002,0.00013,9e-05,0.00019,0.00015,0.00011,6e-05,0.00012,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.00016,2e-05,0.00024,0.00016,0.00027,0.00995,0.00057,5e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.00023,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00012,7e-05,9e-05,0.00033,0.00277,0.00284,0.00237,1e-05,0.0,0.00352,0.00479,0.00174,0.00234,0.00146,0.00075,0.00163,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00054,0.0,0.00063,0.00181,0.00047,1e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.00043,5e-05,5e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.0001,1e-05,0.00013,0.00011,9e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.00027,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00027,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00038,0.0001,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.00036,4e-05,0.00033,0.0005,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0003,5e-05,0.00017,0.00018,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.0032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00084,0.00104,0.00102,0.0022,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.00062,0.00036,0.00014,0.0004,5e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00053,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00019,5e-05,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.0001,8e-05,0.00018,0.00032,0.00027,0.00035,0.00029,0.00034,0.00017,6e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.00033,0.0002,0.00019,0.00028,0.00081,5e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00015,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00079,2e-05,3e-05,0.00164,1e-05,0.00044,0.0031,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00042,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.00358,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00023,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,4e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00015,1e-05,0.0003,0.00016,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00014,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,9e-05,0.00011,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00011,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00013,7e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00013,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00013,9e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0001,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00011,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00015,0.0,0.00015,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00018,0.00017,0.00012,1e-05,0.00034,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00074,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00053,0.00127,0.00053,0.00024,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,9e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.00045,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.00023,0.00088,0.00016,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00023,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00078,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254811,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00013,0.0,0.00038,0.00033,0.00106,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00126,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00099,0.00087,0.00013,0.00046,0.00209,0.00029,0.00033,0.0,0.00149,0.00107,0.00143,0.00042,0.00012,0.00019,0.00045,0.00733,0.00044,4e-05,0.00012,0.0004,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00077,0.00552,0.00024,0.00014,0.00079,0.00059,0.0003,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00037,0.0,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,0.00039,0.00129,0.00011,0.00081,0.0002,0.0,0.00054,0.0,0.0022,0.00227,0.00181,0.0004,0.00026,0.00039,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0,0.00065,0.00288,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00058,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.00011,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00026,5e-05,0.00076,0.00042,0.00015,0.00165,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,2e-05,0.00128,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00102,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00103,0.00035,0.00018,0.00044,0.00041,0.00051,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00117,0.00122,0.00064,0.00068,0.00035,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00023,5e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00052,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0002,0.00596,0.0,0.00044,0.00173,0.0,0.00029,6e-05,0.00079,0.00089,0.00022,0.00012,0.00047,0.00126,0.0002,0.0017,0.00021,0.00043,0.00025,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,3e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.00027,0.00019,0.00042,0.0003,0.00092,0.00015,0.00093,0.00054,0.00038,0.00027,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00019,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00132,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,4e-05,7e-05,9e-05,8e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00027,0.0001,7e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.00029,0.0153,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00037,0.00016,0.00024,0.00044,7e-05,0.00025,0.00016,0.00023,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0001,0.00031,0.00019,0.0,0.00047,0.00036,0.00079,0.00071,0.0,0.0016,0.00146,0.00143,0.00118,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.001,0.00068,0.0005,0.0004,0.00033,0.00052,0.00039,0.0004,0.00039,0.00084,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0017,0.00129,0.00224,0.00141,0.00115,0.00228,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.00015,0.00022,0.00033,4e-05,5e-05,0.00065,0.00027,0.00023,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00019,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,3e-05,0.00025,5e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.00012,7e-05,0.0001,0.00025,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00817,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,2e-05,0.0004,8e-05,0.00037,0.00117,0.00028,0.00075,0.0,0.0006,0.00107,0.00076,0.0,8e-05,0.0002,0.00017,0.00053,0.00033,9e-05,0.00261,0.00217,0.00203,0.00205,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00171,0.00171,9e-05,8e-05,0.0004,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,0.00022,0.0004,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00019,0.00016,8e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.00018,0.00011,0.00012,0.00012,7e-05,0.00028,0.00031,7e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.0001,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00063,0.0,0.00082,0.00038,0.00052,0.00042,0.0,0.00056,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00146,0.00017,0.00043,0.00087,0.00056,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00037,0.0004,0.00067,0.00091,0.00113,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.00132,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0001,6e-05,0.00012,0.00093,0.0005,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00034,0.00072,4e-05,0.00014,0.0002,0.00036,0.00033,0.00012,0.00011,0.00051,0.0004,0.00063,0.00092,0.00042,0.0,6e-05,0.00034,0.00029,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0004,0.00097,0.00027,0.00025,0.00047,0.00012,0.0003,0.00017,0.00018,2e-05,0.00032,0.00098,0.00024,0.00069,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,0.00122,0.00033,8e-05,0.0001,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0013,0.00091,0.0,0.00049,0.00075,0.00039,0.00075,0.00034,0.00037,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00107,0.00124,0.00115,0.01949,0.00047,0.00097,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,5e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.00035,0.00153,0.00424,0.00045,0.00028,0.00039,0.00217,0.00157,0.00061,0.01088,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00012,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00175,0.00012,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00101,0.00056,9e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.00039,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,0.00021,0.00023,0.00028,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00029,0.00018,0.00044,0.0001,0.00057,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00039,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00077,0.00227,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.00053,0.00037,0.00099,0.00028,0.00011,0.00057,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00037,0.00051,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,0.00163,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.00012,0.0002,0.0001,0.00115,9e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.00042,0.001,0.00079,0.00043,7e-05,5e-05,0.0012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,0.00023,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00205,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00014,0.00012,0.00118,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00015,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.01408,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00042,3e-05,5e-05,0.00062,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00041,0.00066,0.00058,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.00011,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.00073,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,2e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00045,1e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.00022,0.00016,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00018,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00106,0.00069,0.00038,0.00056,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00109,0.0017,0.0,0.00307,0.00753,0.00149,0.00225,0.00363,0.00311,0.00588,9e-05,0.00014,0.00016,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.00036,0.0,3e-05,0.0018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00136,0.00178,2e-05,0.0,0.00274,0.00012,0.00158,0.00125,2e-05,0.00072,0.00012,0.00082,0.00026,0.00012,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,7e-05,0.00083,0.00258,2e-05,0.00011,0.00071,0.00103,0.00013,0.00012,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00282,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00073,0.00278,0.01736,0.00526,0.00465,2e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00016,0.00035,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00256,8e-05,0.00014,0.00012,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.00133,4e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.0002,2e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00018,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,0.00018,2e-05,3e-05,0.00022,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.00022,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.00013,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00197,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00101,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00221,0.01076,0.00019,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.00128,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00137,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00032,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,4e-05,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00097,0.00147,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,9e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00091,0.00101,0.00102,0.00064,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00025,0.00023,0.00018,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,0.00024,0.00016,0.00386,0.00373,0.00224,0.00614,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.00051,0.00025,8e-05,0.00022,0.00024,0.00032,0.0005,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0014,3e-05,0.00144,0.0026,0.00102,0.00029,0.0003,0.0014,0.0004,0.00117,0.00033,0.00038,7e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.00012,0.00016,0.00017,2e-05,0.0002,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00028,3e-05,0.0,0.0004,2e-05,0.0,0.00027,3e-05,0.00381,0.00286,0.00276,0.00221,0.0,0.00054,0.0016,0.00077,0.00286,0.00176,0.00147,0.00127,0.00158,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00114,0.00475,0.00014,0.0,0.00524,0.0,0.00021,0.00019,0.00118,0.00143,0.00123,0.0,0.02944,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.006,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00099,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00108,0.00088,0.00041,0.00081,8e-05,0.00222,0.00071,0.00017,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.00065,4e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.00011,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.00122,0.00015,0.00036,0.0003,0.00087,0.00047,0.00045,0.00047,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,6e-05,0.00015,0.00103,0.00071,9e-05,0.00045,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00111,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.00042,8e-05,0.00038,0.00034,0.00582,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00647,8e-05,8e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00029,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.00056,4e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00031,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0005,0.00021,0.00093,0.00039,0.0009,0.00024,0.00053,0.0006,0.00041,0.0062,0.0042,0.00634,0.00063,0.00082,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0018,9e-05,0.00016,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00018,0.00102,0.00019,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00025,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00031,0.0,4e-05,0.00066,5e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.0001,0.00015,0.00013,0.00015,0.00024,0.00013,6e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00026,0.00011,0.00029,0.00826,9e-05,0.0002,0.00018,0.00014,0.00031,0.00038,0.00011,0.00171,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00014,0.00014,4e-05,0.00018,0.00015,8e-05,0.00014,0.0002,0.00013,0.00013,0.00015,0.0,0.00067,0.00177,0.00212,0.00191,0.00102,0.00145,0.00477,0.00238,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00033,4e-05,0.00022,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00022,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.00032,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00025,0.00015,9e-05,0.00099,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.00492,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00096,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00096,0.00078,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.00058,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00038,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.00019,0.00051,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00191,0.00108,0.00076,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00025,3e-05,0.0019,0.00072,0.00031,0.00042,4e-05,0.00024,0.00048,0.00212,0.00043,8e-05,0.0013,0.00032,0.00061,0.00014,0.00036,0.00038,0.00409,0.00047,0.00054,0.00061,0.00032,0.0031,0.00033,0.00121,0.00062,0.00029,0.00119,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00035,0.00055,0.00113,0.00036,0.00533,0.00052,0.00124,0.00011,0.00037,0.00037,0.00047,0.00016,0.00037,0.00024,0.00014,0.00012,0.00032,0.00013,0.0003,3e-05,0.0002,0.00012,0.00014,7e-05,0.00023,0.00011,0.00034,0.00027,5e-05,0.00041,0.00028,0.00028,0.01849,0.00109,0.00014,0.00024,0.00051,0.00027,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00216,0.00118,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00121,0.0013,3e-05,0.00039,0.00031,0.00074,0.00201,0.00053,0.0006,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.00091,0.00046,0.00058,0.00035,0.00027,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00023,0.00012,0.0,0.00027,0.00089,0.0,0.00361,0.0003,0.0002,0.00018,0.00257,0.0,4e-05,0.0021,0.00025,0.0002,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00019,0.00026,0.00013,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00078,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.00088,0.00052,0.00018,0.00062,0.00087,0.00059,0.00185,0.0,0.00053,3e-05,0.00019,0.00182,0.00059,0.00048,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,0.00033,0.00075,0.0001,0.0001,0.00097,9e-05,5e-05,0.0006,0.00096,0.00191,8e-05,0.00022,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,0.00023,0.00036,0.00194,0.00033,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0004,0.00242,0.00055,0.00015,0.00019,0.00015,0.0,0.0003,0.00029,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00069,5e-05,0.00033,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00134,0.00099,0.00019,0.00032,0.00397,3e-05,0.00155,0.00017,0.00028,8e-05,0.00025,9e-05,0.00019,0.00035,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00041,0.00228,0.0,0.00113,0.00107,0.00058,0.00063,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00037,0.00044,0.0,1e-05,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00213,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00236,6e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00052,0.00012,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0005,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00191,0.00019,0.00039,0.00017,0.0005,0.0,0.00027,0.00035,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,5e-05,4e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00028,0.00025,0.00061,0.00026,0.00058,0.00014,0.00011,0.00028,0.00021,0.00089,0.00051,0.00049,0.00041,0.00082,0.00136,0.00112,0.00156,0.00182,0.00151,0.00159,0.00029,0.00039,0.00061,0.00181,0.00158,0.00098,0.00151,0.00385,0.00036,0.00062,0.00078,0.00066,0.00139,0.00037,0.0,0.00088,0.00051,0.00019,0.00019,0.00019,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.00033,0.00057,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00092,0.0,3e-05,0.00194,0.00014,0.00045,0.00274,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00017,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00041,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.00058,0.00064,0.01005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00185,0.00145,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00054,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00161,4e-05,0.00077,0.0,0.00204,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00025,1e-05,0.00078,0.00026,0.00058,8e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.00011,0.00074,0.00098,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00052,0.0006,0.00067,0.0007,0.00048,0.0001,0.00046,0.00047,0.0008,0.00053,0.0004,5e-05,0.00032,0.00027,0.00044,0.00028,0.0003,0.0006,0.00019,0.00035,0.00027,0.00076,0.00048,0.00021,0.0006,3e-05,0.00078,6e-05,0.00061,0.00025,0.00078,0.00047,0.00049,0.0,0.00034,5e-05,0.00043,0.0005,0.00037,0.00055,5e-05,0.00069,0.00015,0.0006,0.00014,0.00035,0.00017,0.00064,0.00037,0.00042,0.00088,0.0001,2e-05,0.00015,0.00061,9e-05,0.00077,0.00042,0.00029,0.00046,0.00082,0.00015,0.00037,0.00035,0.00024,0.00046,0.00087,0.0005,0.00039,0.00029,0.0,0.00056,0.00062,0.00113,0.0,0.00128,0.0,0.00014,0.00035,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00025,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0014,0.00157,0.00215,0.00306,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00025,0.00049,0.00044,0.00186,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00028,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.00104,0.0,0.00631,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00415,0.00015,7e-05,4e-05,0.00019,9e-05,0.00016,0.00054,0.00029,9e-05,0.00012,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,3e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00032,0.00363,0.00863,0.00254,0.00078,7e-05,0.00065,0.00018,8e-05,0.00088,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00046,0.0001,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00031,0.0,0.0011,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00028,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00063,0.0009,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.00175,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00029,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00084,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254812,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0003,0.0,0.00025,0.00022,0.00104,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.00011,0.00118,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00033,0.00036,0.00015,0.00022,0.00096,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0006,0.00031,0.00166,0.00041,0.00011,0.00016,0.00124,0.01692,0.00407,7e-05,7e-05,0.00045,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.00562,0.00033,0.00019,0.00062,0.00056,0.00027,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00035,0.0,0.00085,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.00018,0.00155,8e-05,0.00104,0.00025,3e-05,0.00097,0.0,0.00148,0.00146,0.00158,0.00049,0.00026,0.00031,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00125,0.0,0.00152,0.00245,6e-05,0.00047,4e-05,0.00037,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,0.00031,0.00054,0.00068,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00022,5e-05,0.00073,0.00033,0.00014,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,2e-05,0.00074,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00105,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00104,0.00049,8e-05,0.00064,0.00047,0.00065,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.0014,0.00114,0.00068,0.00096,0.00039,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00037,0.00012,0.00026,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00021,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00137,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00401,0.0,0.00032,0.00068,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.00054,0.00043,2e-05,0.00051,0.00017,0.00058,3e-05,0.00062,0.0007,0.00021,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,3e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.00023,0.00017,0.0004,0.00017,0.00123,8e-05,0.00091,0.00057,0.00034,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00024,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00035,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00025,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00024,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.00032,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0016,0.0,6e-05,0.00063,2e-05,0.00013,0.00021,0.0001,9e-05,3e-05,0.00017,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0004,6e-05,0.0003,0.00022,8e-05,0.00029,0.00658,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.00063,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.00016,0.00027,5e-05,0.0002,0.00013,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00014,0.00015,0.00012,0.0,0.00071,0.00044,0.00056,0.00048,0.0,0.00334,0.00304,0.00241,0.00176,0.00158,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00054,0.00065,0.00054,0.0003,0.00033,0.00047,0.00036,0.0003,0.00032,0.00033,0.00047,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00226,0.00172,0.00122,0.00126,0.00062,0.00055,0.00136,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,0.00017,0.00023,8e-05,5e-05,0.0005,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00022,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00028,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,7e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.00013,2e-05,0.00013,0.00022,6e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0007,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00395,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00196,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00023,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00016,0.00014,0.00017,0.00021,0.00087,0.00031,0.0007,0.0,0.00092,0.00119,0.00112,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00029,0.00077,0.00034,3e-05,0.002,0.002,0.00152,0.00159,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00151,0.00192,5e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00017,0.00051,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00028,6e-05,6e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.01247,5e-05,0.00017,0.00019,0.00035,0.00012,0.00014,0.00011,8e-05,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00033,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00077,0.0,0.00046,0.00027,0.00046,0.00026,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00095,5e-05,0.00011,0.00024,0.00015,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00027,0.00044,0.0003,0.0014,0.00179,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.00089,4e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00013,5e-05,0.00012,0.00091,8e-05,0.00018,0.00042,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00047,0.00075,6e-05,0.0002,0.00048,0.00058,0.00039,0.00032,0.00026,0.00056,0.00047,0.00045,0.00132,0.00069,0.0,8e-05,0.00043,0.00043,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.00053,0.001,0.00026,0.00017,0.00051,0.00022,0.00085,0.00027,0.00018,2e-05,0.00032,0.00143,0.00016,0.00198,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.00077,0.00041,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.00054,1e-05,0.00034,0.00037,0.0003,0.00028,0.00017,0.00022,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00095,0.00087,0.00127,0.03107,0.00059,0.00135,2e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,2e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00167,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00112,0.00047,0.00173,0.00277,0.00051,0.00017,0.00029,0.00039,0.00177,0.00151,0.00177,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.00037,6e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00217,0.00016,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00078,0.00047,9e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00055,0.0,0.00061,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.00025,0.00013,0.00027,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,5e-05,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00055,0.00019,0.00053,9e-05,0.00129,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0002,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.00024,0.00171,0.00021,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.00082,0.00038,0.00114,0.00047,3e-05,0.00107,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00156,0.00032,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00109,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00049,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0002,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00018,3e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0056,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00043,0.00091,0.00071,0.00037,8e-05,1e-05,0.0007,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00058,0.00036,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00179,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00016,0.0001,0.00179,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.01243,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00029,0.00029,0.00012,0.00014,0.00095,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.0004,0.00158,0.00059,0.00227,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.00135,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00025,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00042,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00042,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00019,0.00013,0.00019,0.00011,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00063,0.00042,0.0,0.00041,0.00092,0.00032,0.0002,0.0006,0.0006,0.00065,0.00018,0.0003,0.00012,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.00019,0.0,9e-05,0.0025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00151,0.00188,8e-05,0.0,0.00852,0.00018,0.00052,0.00029,0.0,0.00028,7e-05,0.00021,0.00011,5e-05,0.00016,0.00026,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.00024,0.00092,0.00169,3e-05,0.00018,0.00077,0.00094,6e-05,4e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00295,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.00118,0.01004,0.0324,0.01176,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00021,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00224,0.00011,9e-05,5e-05,0.00113,0.0,0.0,0.00264,4e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,3e-05,0.00015,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00035,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00037,1e-05,0.00012,0.00025,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00055,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.00038,3e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.00017,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,0.00053,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00158,0.00272,0.00037,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.00094,7e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00167,0.00012,0.00014,0.00013,1e-05,0.00028,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00085,0.00164,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00033,0.00021,0.00346,0.00068,0.00088,0.00095,0.00044,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.00021,0.00014,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,0.00042,9e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00052,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00021,0.00028,0.00029,0.00197,0.00104,0.00085,0.00259,0.00014,4e-05,0.00012,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.00037,0.00034,0.00021,0.00026,0.00021,0.00017,0.00056,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00054,2e-05,0.00173,0.00091,0.00101,0.00014,0.00024,0.00184,0.00057,0.00108,0.00035,0.00031,1e-05,9e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.00017,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0003,6e-05,0.00624,0.00296,0.00198,0.00167,0.0,0.00016,0.0013,0.00018,0.00235,0.00172,0.00085,0.00101,0.00136,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00078,0.02297,0.00265,9e-05,0.0042,0.0,0.00021,0.00023,0.00067,0.00186,0.00048,4e-05,0.00701,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00808,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0006,0.00069,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00055,0.00094,0.00032,0.0006,0.00012,0.00147,0.00064,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.00051,3e-05,0.0,0.00034,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.00058,0.00011,0.00031,0.00049,0.0007,0.00036,0.00048,0.00053,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0005,0.00069,6e-05,0.00037,0.00062,0.0001,0.0,0.00089,0.00073,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00033,0.00011,0.00052,0.00031,0.00213,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.01689,0.00023,0.00011,4e-05,0.00042,0.00101,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00017,0.00043,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00048,0.00016,0.00079,0.00046,0.00075,0.00031,0.00044,0.00046,0.00067,0.00669,0.00466,0.00704,0.00051,0.00094,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00156,0.00025,0.00025,0.00016,0.00017,0.0002,0.0001,9e-05,0.00037,0.0,1e-05,0.00065,0.00027,0.00126,0.00029,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.00036,7e-05,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.00012,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,7e-05,0.00144,5e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00038,7e-05,9e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00021,0.0001,5e-05,0.00018,5e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00049,0.00707,6e-05,0.00015,0.0002,0.00017,0.00131,0.00026,0.00035,0.00072,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00018,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00016,8e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.00011,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00099,0.00352,0.00459,0.0037,0.00145,0.00278,0.01131,0.00451,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00024,4e-05,0.00032,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00035,0.00031,5e-05,0.00106,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00014,0.0,0.00586,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00059,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00085,0.00052,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00033,0.00018,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.0007,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00039,5e-05,0.00017,6e-05,7e-05,0.00031,0.00029,0.00064,4e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00071,0.0004,1e-05,2e-05,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.00149,0.00092,0.00081,0.00012,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00107,0.00014,0.0,0.00038,7e-05,0.00044,1e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.00089,0.00024,0.00013,0.0002,0.00033,0.00132,5e-05,0.0025,0.00017,0.00019,0.00082,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00188,0.00049,0.00439,0.00023,9e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00036,0.00014,8e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00031,4e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00056,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00025,6e-05,0.00018,0.0158,0.00014,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00278,0.00157,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00091,0.00156,0.0,0.00053,0.00024,0.00045,0.00201,0.00016,0.00016,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00034,9e-05,0.00017,0.00011,0.00013,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00054,0.0,0.00191,0.00031,0.00014,7e-05,0.0006,0.0,2e-05,0.00111,0.00021,0.00021,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00016,0.00039,7e-05,3e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0001,0.00135,0.00012,0.00024,3e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00085,0.00036,0.00022,0.00106,0.00117,0.00094,0.00298,0.0,0.00092,0.00012,7e-05,0.00011,0.00068,0.00028,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.00033,0.00116,2e-05,5e-05,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.00053,0.00386,0.00011,7e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.00022,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.00048,0.00014,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.00035,0.00187,0.00053,0.00026,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,0.00035,0.0005,0.00067,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0003,0.00019,0.00042,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00172,0.00338,0.00021,0.00078,0.00222,0.0,0.00072,0.00044,0.00069,0.00014,0.00051,0.0002,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,2e-05,0.0004,0.0012,0.0,0.00129,0.00122,0.00078,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00035,0.00031,0.0,4e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00113,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.00618,8e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00022,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00035,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.001,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00131,0.00019,0.00046,0.00016,0.00053,0.0,0.00018,0.00034,8e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,3e-05,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00026,6e-05,0.00031,0.0005,4e-05,0.00036,0.00034,0.00087,0.00025,0.00059,0.00011,0.00016,0.00026,0.00024,0.00049,0.00048,0.00037,0.00049,0.00651,0.00126,0.00148,0.00119,0.0011,0.00143,0.00105,0.00032,0.00051,0.00047,0.00144,0.00102,0.00105,0.00106,0.00186,0.0003,0.00067,0.00052,0.00088,0.00101,0.00051,0.0,0.00077,0.00051,5e-05,0.00011,0.00024,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00063,0.00022,0.00029,0.0,2e-05,0.00154,0.00213,8e-05,8e-05,0.00641,0.00019,0.00303,0.00506,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,3e-05,0.00071,0.00048,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00321,7e-05,0.0004,5e-05,0.00012,7e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00057,0.00068,0.00093,0.0132,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00034,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00049,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00016,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00291,4e-05,0.00111,0.0,0.00058,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.00048,7e-05,0.00086,0.00044,0.00031,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.00053,0.00045,0.00088,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00046,0.00057,0.00066,0.00038,0.0004,4e-05,0.00034,0.00061,0.00073,0.00047,0.00051,4e-05,0.00039,0.00012,0.00046,0.00031,0.00034,0.00034,0.00026,0.00036,0.00035,0.0007,0.00046,0.00019,0.00049,4e-05,0.00077,5e-05,0.00046,0.00014,0.00069,0.00053,0.00046,0.0,0.00028,2e-05,0.00055,0.00026,0.0004,0.00052,1e-05,0.00039,0.00011,0.00056,0.00019,0.0004,0.00022,0.0007,0.0005,0.00032,0.00084,9e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00048,2e-05,0.00044,0.00048,0.00019,0.00051,0.00077,7e-05,0.00037,0.00029,0.00018,0.00044,0.00087,0.00058,0.00037,0.00027,0.0,0.00045,0.00063,0.0013,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.00022,0.00062,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.00029,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.00188,0.00243,0.00193,0.0026,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00038,0.00043,0.00033,0.00075,0.00033,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00024,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00114,0.0,0.00735,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.004,4e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.00013,8e-05,9e-05,0.00083,0.0007,7e-05,8e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.00038,0.0001,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00131,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00033,0.00052,0.0013,0.00018,0.00071,4e-05,0.00027,7e-05,4e-05,0.00076,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00015,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.00027,0.00018,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00023,2e-05,0.00092,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00066,0.00059,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00136,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.00458,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.00019,0.00067,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254813,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00021,0.0,0.00026,0.00029,0.00082,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00041,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.00028,0.0001,0.00013,0.00058,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00038,0.00018,0.00169,0.00035,0.00018,0.00026,0.00086,0.00716,0.00146,8e-05,0.00013,0.00042,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.02932,0.00036,0.00011,0.00194,0.001,0.00028,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00033,0.00384,0.0001,0.00044,0.00025,2e-05,0.0024,0.0,0.00065,0.00111,0.00081,0.00018,5e-05,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.01931,0.0,0.01015,0.00096,5e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0003,0.00051,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.00036,0.00015,8e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00038,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00072,0.00037,3e-05,0.0003,0.00052,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00051,0.00047,0.00025,0.0003,0.00019,0.00025,9e-05,0.00016,0.00018,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0002,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00025,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00135,0.0,0.00014,0.00027,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00025,1e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00025,2e-05,0.00032,0.00012,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0001,0.00027,0.0001,0.00077,8e-05,0.00046,0.00033,0.00025,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0001,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00027,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.00356,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.00012,0.00019,3e-05,0.0001,0.00016,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00015,0.0002,8e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00029,0.00042,0.00042,0.0,0.00133,0.00118,0.00087,0.0008,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,0.00022,0.00026,0.00028,0.00018,0.00021,0.00023,0.00022,0.00026,0.00024,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00119,0.0006,0.00063,0.00063,0.00035,0.00035,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00025,3e-05,4e-05,0.00039,0.00018,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00011,9e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00014,8e-05,5e-05,7e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.00036,8e-05,0.00077,0.00011,0.00035,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00218,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.00038,0.00014,0.00045,0.0,0.00026,0.00043,0.00059,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00034,0.00011,2e-05,0.00148,0.00131,0.00115,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.00086,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.0004,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,0.00757,1e-05,0.00015,0.0001,0.00013,7e-05,0.02305,4e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.00023,3e-05,0.00012,9e-05,4e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00067,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.00018,0.00011,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,5e-05,0.00027,0.00063,0.00037,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.00013,0.00023,0.00051,0.00074,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.00011,2e-05,7e-05,0.00098,5e-05,0.00026,0.00059,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0002,0.00017,0.00044,5e-05,0.00015,0.00027,0.00029,0.00032,0.00017,9e-05,0.00035,0.00026,0.00055,0.00178,0.00616,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0007,0.00086,0.00034,0.00025,0.00029,0.00012,0.00073,5e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00026,0.00225,0.00014,0.00051,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00069,0.00035,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00024,1e-05,0.00025,0.00039,0.00015,0.00032,0.00022,0.00016,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00033,0.00031,0.00063,0.18598,0.00058,0.00621,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0002,0.00051,0.00107,0.00019,0.00014,0.00024,0.00018,0.00079,0.0007,0.0005,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00222,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.00019,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00062,0.0,0.00031,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.00029,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00014,0.00066,5e-05,0.00099,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00026,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.00178,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.00049,0.00022,0.00098,0.00024,2e-05,0.00065,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00086,0.00166,0.00036,0.00039,7e-05,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0009,0.00039,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00061,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,9e-05,0.00043,0.00033,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00072,0.00025,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.0001,4e-05,0.0016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00722,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00065,0.00019,4e-05,4e-05,0.00052,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00017,0.00076,0.00025,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00035,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00106,0.00044,0.00033,0.00052,0.0001,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0004,0.00033,0.0,0.00084,0.00148,0.00032,0.00047,0.00101,0.00088,0.00107,0.00011,0.00017,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.00076,3e-05,0.0,0.00743,0.00011,0.00102,0.00104,4e-05,0.00069,0.00013,0.00069,0.00021,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00035,0.00073,3e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.0004,8e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00395,8e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00048,0.00414,0.00738,0.00721,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00055,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00079,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.00185,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00019,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,8e-05,3e-05,0.00019,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,8e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.0006,6e-05,2e-05,0.00062,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.0018,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00043,0.00039,0.00027,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00031,0.00018,0.00014,4e-05,9e-05,0.0001,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00058,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00047,0.00066,0.00063,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00011,0.00585,0.00329,0.00294,0.01142,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00017,0.00016,6e-05,0.00014,0.00022,0.00019,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,3e-05,0.00158,0.00094,0.00064,0.00023,0.00022,0.00174,0.00045,0.0011,0.00027,0.0003,1e-05,0.00013,7e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00234,0.00086,0.00083,0.00099,0.0,4e-05,0.00047,0.0001,0.00096,0.00068,0.00031,0.0004,0.0004,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.02033,0.00082,6e-05,0.00087,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.00035,0.00179,0.00047,3e-05,0.00342,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,0.00701,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00034,0.0003,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0004,0.00036,0.00011,0.00033,9e-05,0.0005,0.0002,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00018,9e-05,9e-05,0.00016,0.00025,0.00022,0.00027,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.00026,6e-05,0.00011,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00029,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00019,8e-05,0.00023,9e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.03408,0.00038,8e-05,0.00013,0.00039,0.00163,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00035,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00038,0.00016,0.00033,0.0002,0.00045,9e-05,0.00013,0.00019,0.00027,0.00219,0.00165,0.00238,0.00017,0.00042,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00074,0.00046,0.00024,0.00026,0.00022,0.00019,0.0003,0.00092,0.0,2e-05,0.00052,0.0002,0.00087,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00038,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,7e-05,0.00054,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00021,9e-05,0.00012,0.00016,7e-05,0.00015,0.00015,7e-05,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00331,3e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00123,0.00012,0.00011,0.00031,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0001,7e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.0013,0.00187,0.00146,0.00048,0.00088,0.0042,0.00163,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,5e-05,3e-05,0.00072,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00207,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00022,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,0.00016,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00058,0.00043,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.00024,3e-05,5e-05,0.00063,0.00038,0.00087,1e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00077,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00037,0.00036,0.00019,1e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00159,0.00059,0.00032,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00135,8e-05,0.0,0.0004,4e-05,0.00034,0.00013,0.00012,0.00022,0.00088,0.00056,0.00015,0.00027,0.00027,0.0007,6e-05,0.00159,0.00018,0.00015,0.01805,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00123,0.00981,0.00214,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,7e-05,9e-05,7e-05,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00039,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.00012,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.00012,0.01404,0.00018,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00039,0.0,0.00045,0.00013,0.00034,0.00134,0.00107,0.00107,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.00109,0.00196,0.00079,0.0007,0.00049,0.00031,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.00016,0.00084,0.0,0.00162,0.00015,3e-05,3e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.00013,6e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00016,6e-05,1e-05,0.00014,1e-05,6e-05,0.00038,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00094,0.00026,5e-05,0.00036,0.00059,0.00057,0.00135,0.0,0.00037,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00035,0.00011,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00056,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00095,9e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00033,0.00014,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00096,0.00043,0.00013,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00017,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00034,8e-05,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.00719,0.00277,0.00013,0.0015,0.00273,1e-05,0.00064,0.0006,0.00067,3e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.0001,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0004,0.0,0.0005,0.00037,0.00046,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00236,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00183,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00067,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00052,0.00019,0.00027,0.0001,0.00034,0.0,0.00012,0.00033,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00047,0.00043,0.00125,0.00026,0.00047,0.00014,0.00017,0.00036,0.00025,0.00045,0.00085,0.00041,0.00051,0.00181,0.00249,0.00207,0.00198,0.00187,0.00182,0.00208,0.00033,0.00053,0.00084,0.00295,0.00217,0.00177,0.00224,0.00343,0.00019,0.00065,0.00053,0.00084,0.00105,0.00043,0.0,0.00082,0.00052,0.00018,0.00011,0.00019,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00159,0.00502,2e-05,4e-05,0.01627,0.00022,0.00249,0.0177,0.0,0.00035,2e-05,2e-05,0.00073,0.00045,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00128,5e-05,0.00027,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.0003,0.00026,0.00038,0.00443,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00026,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00025,4e-05,0.00047,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00158,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00406,0.00021,0.00255,0.0,0.00095,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00132,0.00057,6e-05,0.0013,0.00122,0.00033,0.00014,0.00011,0.0001,0.00033,0.00074,0.00029,0.00089,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00089,0.00037,0.00052,0.0007,0.00045,3e-05,0.00056,0.00047,0.00037,0.0004,0.00021,5e-05,0.00046,0.00016,0.00101,0.00027,0.00021,0.0004,0.00017,0.00032,0.00017,0.0006,0.00034,0.00015,0.00059,3e-05,0.0005,2e-05,0.00047,0.00013,0.00061,0.0004,0.00032,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,0.00039,0.00029,0.00041,0.00045,2e-05,0.0005,4e-05,0.00058,5e-05,0.00045,0.00011,0.00051,0.00016,0.00022,0.00049,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00039,2e-05,0.00046,0.00034,0.00015,0.00041,0.00033,7e-05,0.00041,9e-05,0.00022,0.00032,0.00089,0.00047,0.0003,0.00015,0.0,0.00031,0.00038,0.00053,0.0,0.00023,0.0,9e-05,0.00024,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00033,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00062,0.00074,0.00103,0.0017,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00034,0.0002,0.00062,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,5e-05,0.00199,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00152,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00053,0.00026,7e-05,9e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.00034,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00042,0.00118,0.00028,0.00201,0.00011,0.00014,8e-05,4e-05,0.00029,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00017,0.00016,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00011,0.0,0.00122,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00034,0.00038,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0035,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00034,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254814,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00157,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0216,0.0036,0.00125,0.00406,0.0082,0.01585,0.00482,0.00061,0.00152,0.00282,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00674,0.11766,0.00293,0.00183,0.05569,0.02611,0.00461,0.00668,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00423,0.0,0.01085,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,0.00014,0.00027,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0004,0.00015,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00023,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00358,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00031,0.00099,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00055,0.00026,0.00302,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00045,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00054,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.00075,0.00114,0.00025,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00019,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00017,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00055,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00051,0.00016,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.0001,0.0122,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00723,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00017,0.0112,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00239,0.00045,0.0008,0.00071,0.00136,0.00155,0.00566,0.00036,0.00178,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00024,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00139,8e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.00325,0.0001,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00154,0.0001,1e-05,0.00019,8e-05,0.00015,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00012,6e-05,7e-05,0.00022,0.00014,6e-05,0.00091,9e-05,9e-05,0.00206,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00052,0.00146,0.00084,0.00012,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.0,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,3e-05,0.5125,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0038,0.00218,0.00114,0.0,0.0,0.00566,0.00258,0.00259,0.00611,0.00124,0.03837,0.00153,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00039,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00033,0.00012,0.00019,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0001,0.00023,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00067,3e-05,0.00194,0.00076,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00076,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00165,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254815,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00489,0.00131,0.00101,0.0017,0.00164,0.00257,0.00182,0.0002,0.00107,0.00291,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00494,0.03829,0.00086,0.00043,0.00289,0.00294,0.00231,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00046,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00356,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00515,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00158,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00036,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00033,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00017,8e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,4e-05,0.00036,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00025,0.0003,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00019,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00018,0.00015,0.01011,4e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00016,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.03231,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00032,0.00026,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.00013,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00508,0.00055,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00016,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00096,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.0002,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,7e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00014,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00033,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00021,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0014,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,1e-05,0.0001,0.00062,0.00099,0.00122,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0004,5e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00219,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,1e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00023,0.00019,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0005,0.00012,0.0002,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00017,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00192,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00178,0.00207,0.04592,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00239,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00031,0.00016,0.00025,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00091,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00773,0.00248,0.00069,0.00031,0.00052,0.07419,0.00129,0.00033,0.00175,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.00023,0.00016,4e-05,0.00016,0.00047,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0007,1e-05,0.00015,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00195,0.00027,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00101,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00039,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.0008,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00038,3e-05,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,0.00118,0.00013,0.00014,6e-05,3e-05,0.00049,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00033,0.0005,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00142,5e-05,3e-05,0.01701,0.00039,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.02047,0.01491,0.00639,0.0,0.0,0.03096,0.01161,0.01586,0.02475,0.00632,0.42661,0.01507,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00012,0.00031,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,0.0001,0.00011,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0003,4e-05,2e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0001,7e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00011,8e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00031,1e-05,0.00095,0.00088,6e-05,0.00031,0.00231,3e-05,0.00908,0.01322,0.0,0.00022,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.0012,1e-05,0.00564,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00782,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00012,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00036,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00134,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00027,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254817,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00014,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.01802,2e-05,1e-05,0.00051,0.00012,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0005,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,8e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00028,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00144,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00088,0.00043,0.00508,0.00038,0.00021,0.00048,0.00019,0.00681,0.00016,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,5e-05,3e-05,0.00011,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.01427,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00075,0.00048,0.00169,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0001,6e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00539,0.00033,0.0014,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.03598,0.0002,4e-05,0.00042,9e-05,0.00173,5e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.00066,0.00016,0.00014,0.00035,0.00011,0.00016,0.00019,0.00179,0.00015,4e-05,0.00032,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,0.00107,0.00028,0.00201,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.00011,0.00015,0.0004,0.00011,3e-05,0.00042,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,9e-05,0.00029,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.86565,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254818,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0009,0.0101,0.0,0.00057,0.0009,0.00336,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00037,0.00117,0.00123,0.0009,0.00037,0.00025,0.0,0.00079,0.00068,0.00089,0.00034,8e-05,0.00042,0.00023,0.00123,0.00037,4e-05,0.00015,0.00031,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.01446,0.00018,0.00013,0.00586,0.00194,0.00037,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00074,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00136,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0004,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.00017,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0001,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00015,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00031,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00651,0.00055,0.00041,0.00027,0.00031,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,0.00588,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00011,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00013,0.00113,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00056,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.00019,9e-05,0.00315,5e-05,0.00014,0.00022,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00335,0.00031,0.00152,0.00331,0.0003,0.00031,0.00017,0.00353,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00293,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00273,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00012,0.00022,0.0007,0.00011,0.00021,0.00029,0.00028,0.00223,0.00029,0.00032,0.00036,0.0002,0.00013,0.00025,4e-05,0.00049,4e-05,0.00062,0.00059,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00033,0.0004,0.00018,2e-05,0.00026,0.00033,0.00019,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,0.01726,0.00057,0.00758,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00324,0.0031,0.00153,0.00251,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00353,0.0023,0.00145,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.00011,0.00025,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00036,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00035,0.0005,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.00743,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00101,0.0,0.00039,0.00027,0.00011,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.00051,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00596,0.00601,0.02035,0.00163,0.00079,0.00098,0.00077,0.1011,0.0004,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0018,0.00098,0.00036,0.00018,0.00294,0.00044,0.00016,0.00146,0.0,0.01573,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00114,2e-05,0.0,0.00281,0.0,0.00399,9e-05,0.00014,0.00353,0.00021,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0039,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00038,0.00284,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00074,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00134,0.00752,0.00058,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.00012,0.00013,0.00176,0.00554,0.00098,0.00108,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,0.00099,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,0.00015,0.00012,0.0001,0.00018,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00028,0.00035,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00015,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0034,0.00126,0.00214,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00422,0.00019,0.00086,6e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.00112,0.00031,0.00035,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00311,0.0015,0.00178,0.00178,3e-05,4e-05,0.00054,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.02513,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.02511,0.33724,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00448,0.00269,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00031,0.00056,3e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,9e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.00017,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00021,0.00014,0.00045,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.00055,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00287,0.0,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00168,0.00087,0.00074,0.00063,0.00071,0.00231,0.00123,0.00036,0.00142,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00029,0.00024,0.00021,3e-05,6e-05,0.00041,0.00029,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00027,0.0003,0.00054,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00394,6e-05,0.0,0.00225,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00047,0.00049,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00106,0.0001,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.02127,7e-05,0.0,0.00023,4e-05,0.00011,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00039,7e-05,0.0001,8e-05,7e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.00143,0.00027,0.0001,8e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,0.0001,0.00019,6e-05,0.00299,0.00043,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.00028,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.00011,0.04561,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.00092,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00025,0.0,0.00034,0.00355,0.00105,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.00018,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00011,5e-05,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00042,0.0003,0.00037,0.00063,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00137,0.00775,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00054,0.00143,0.00067,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.00077,0.00056,0.00019,0.0002,0.00028,3e-05,0.00017,0.00031,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0026,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0017,3e-05,0.00023,0.0002,0.00019,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,5e-05,7e-05,5e-05,9e-05,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00291,0.01143,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.00081,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0004,0.0005,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00057,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00035,0.0003,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.00039,0.00029,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00026,0.0001,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00013,2e-05,5e-05,0.01329,1e-05,3e-05,0.00389,0.00014,3e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254819,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00063,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00202,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00123,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00246,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.00042,0.00237,0.00033,0.00095,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00037,1e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00227,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0015,0.00013,0.00043,0.00127,0.00018,0.0001,9e-05,0.00171,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00257,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00056,0.0,0.00011,0.00017,0.00018,0.00113,0.00015,0.00017,0.00012,0.0002,7e-05,0.00011,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00016,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0002,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00092,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.00504,0.00655,0.00258,0.0072,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00711,0.00419,0.00285,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00017,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00025,0.00013,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00197,0.00187,0.00526,0.00015,0.00028,0.00019,0.00023,0.00114,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.00141,0.00016,5e-05,0.00121,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.00174,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00068,0.00103,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00063,0.0019,0.00027,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00251,0.00141,0.00133,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00307,0.00015,0.00086,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00324,0.00111,0.00127,0.00164,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00044,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00162,0.00198,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00166,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.00023,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,6e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00013,0.00087,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.01331,0.00073,0.00125,0.00067,0.00109,0.00149,0.00228,0.00078,0.01312,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0003,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00098,6e-05,0.0,0.00308,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00883,0.00026,0.00021,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.68689,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.00057,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.00012,0.00018,4e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.00066,0.0,0.00013,0.00149,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00022,0.00098,0.0011,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00012,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,8e-05,0.05852,0.00028,0.00024,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00046,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00141,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.00268,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.00393,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.00052,0.00036,0.00157,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00031,0.00025,0.0001,0.0002,0.00018,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00132,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,8e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00016,6e-05,0.00016,0.00023,0.00018,0.00025,0.00018,0.00026,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00582,0.00013,0.00016,0.00024,0.00037,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00096,0.00907,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00701,0.00385,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00081,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0005,0.0009,0.00018,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00165,0.0,2e-05,0.00345,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254820,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.1446,0.00231,0.00384,0.00323,0.00405,0.01187,0.00296,0.00445,0.00083,0.04425,0.00421,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.56017,0.05247,0.00188,0.00152,0.00893,0.00819,0.00348,0.00922,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.0,0.00097,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.0001,0.00053,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0001,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00017,8e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00243,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01068,0.00033,0.00187,5e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.00496,0.00027,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0001,0.00024,0.00011,0.00019,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00056,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0004,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00103,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00065,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00036,8e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.00013,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00011,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0002,0.00017,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,8e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.01049,0.00169,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.00017,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00026,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00026,0.0002,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00227,2e-05,0.0001,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00069,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00899,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00202,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00143,0.00024,0.00031,0.00029,0.00045,0.00437,0.00075,0.00019,0.00102,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0005,3e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.00011,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00083,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,8e-05,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00063,0.00012,8e-05,0.00016,8e-05,0.00114,9e-05,0.0002,8e-05,0.00011,0.00751,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00453,0.00116,4e-05,0.00021,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,6e-05,0.00292,0.00016,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0001,0.00036,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.00049,3e-05,0.00027,0.00098,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00046,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254821,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.00017,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0002,0.0,0.00037,0.00026,0.00156,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00113,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00052,0.00041,0.00015,0.0003,0.00083,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0005,0.00041,0.00417,0.00081,0.00028,0.00052,0.00109,0.0119,0.00132,0.00019,0.00021,0.00233,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00181,0.01229,0.0014,0.00044,0.00145,0.00122,0.00057,0.00112,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00018,0.0,0.003,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.00022,0.00213,8e-05,0.00058,0.00031,1e-05,0.00086,0.0,0.00083,0.00078,0.00082,0.00016,0.00018,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00134,0.0,0.00117,0.00125,4e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00046,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00015,0.00025,0.00035,0.00017,8e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0002,0.00015,7e-05,0.00098,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00055,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00093,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00045,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00059,0.00022,2e-05,0.00037,0.00038,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00054,0.00057,0.00049,0.0004,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00024,0.00019,4e-05,0.00015,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00544,0.0,0.00086,0.00114,0.0,0.00038,7e-05,0.00065,0.00081,9e-05,0.00014,0.00042,0.00085,7e-05,0.00096,0.00016,0.00031,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.00035,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00028,0.0002,0.00054,7e-05,0.00061,0.00025,0.00024,0.00013,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00081,3e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.0001,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,1e-05,9e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00019,0.00526,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.0002,0.00016,4e-05,0.00019,0.00018,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,0.00011,0.00028,0.0,0.0005,0.00032,0.00042,0.00037,0.0,0.00161,0.0016,0.00114,0.00115,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.00025,0.00022,0.00017,0.00024,0.0002,0.00022,0.00016,0.00017,0.00021,0.0004,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00137,0.00139,0.00093,0.00168,0.00048,0.00057,0.00174,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00053,0.00011,0.00021,0.00019,7e-05,1e-05,0.00033,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00675,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,2e-05,0.00016,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00018,0.00025,1e-05,0.00019,0.00054,0.00011,0.00034,0.0,0.00045,0.00042,0.00056,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.00011,0.00025,0.00017,2e-05,0.00119,0.00105,0.00108,0.00123,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00073,0.00104,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00029,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.00051,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.00014,0.00038,0.0007,0.00018,0.00032,0.00041,0.00013,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,6e-05,0.0005,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0005,0.00032,0.0004,0.00023,0.0,0.00043,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00095,2e-05,0.00022,0.0004,0.00033,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00028,0.00024,0.00041,0.00036,0.00095,0.00073,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00015,3e-05,0.00016,0.00114,0.00093,0.00022,0.00025,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00054,0.00116,0.00011,0.00042,0.00054,0.00041,0.00056,0.00021,0.00011,0.00054,0.00051,0.0008,0.00111,0.00075,6e-05,0.00011,0.00055,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.00015,0.00065,0.00218,0.00022,0.00029,0.00023,0.00029,0.00074,0.00023,0.00022,2e-05,0.00028,0.00219,0.00021,0.0022,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00047,0.00027,6e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00109,0.00056,0.0,0.00039,0.00034,0.00017,0.00039,0.00017,0.00016,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00068,0.00084,0.00088,0.06881,0.0006,0.00191,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00098,0.00035,0.00139,0.00262,0.00039,0.00016,0.00029,0.00106,0.00207,0.00063,0.00921,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,0.0004,2e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00449,0.00014,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.00019,7e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00107,0.0,0.00016,0.00046,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.00027,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0002,0.0001,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.00088,0.00014,0.00106,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,3e-05,0.00025,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00037,5e-05,0.0004,0.00049,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.00211,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00033,0.00017,0.00067,0.00021,0.00013,0.00165,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00053,0.00126,0.00021,4e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00097,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00117,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,0.00025,0.00016,0.00013,0.00016,0.00051,0.00025,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00026,0.00033,0.00041,0.00021,6e-05,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00049,0.00019,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00249,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,6e-05,0.00066,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00494,2e-05,0.00014,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00018,5e-05,0.00014,0.00075,0.00538,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00098,0.00063,0.0006,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00078,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00028,5e-05,0.0002,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.00039,0.0002,0.00041,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0006,0.00065,0.0,0.0017,0.00493,0.00135,0.00142,0.00153,0.00186,0.00412,0.00013,9e-05,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0002,0.0,5e-05,0.00138,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00086,3e-05,0.0,0.00339,0.00018,0.00069,0.00072,3e-05,0.00057,5e-05,0.00066,6e-05,0.00014,0.00014,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00039,0.00113,1e-05,9e-05,0.0004,0.0004,0.00036,0.0001,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00419,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0004,0.00193,0.01037,0.01045,0.01298,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00032,9e-05,3e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00119,0.00017,5e-05,3e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00157,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00023,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00017,3e-05,0.00033,3e-05,4e-05,0.00052,5e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00047,0.00021,0.00072,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00026,6e-05,2e-05,0.00014,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00026,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00226,0.0,0.00031,2e-05,5e-05,0.00058,0.00021,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00022,0.00565,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00028,6e-05,4e-05,0.00716,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00137,0.00888,0.00018,0.00017,0.0001,0.0,0.00045,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00057,0.00027,0.00012,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00087,0.00055,0.00049,4e-05,0.00059,0.00133,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00057,0.00097,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,0.00011,2e-05,0.00059,0.00087,0.00065,0.00048,0.0,3e-05,0.00135,0.0003,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.0001,0.00265,0.00165,0.00138,0.00356,0.0001,8e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,6e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00011,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,2e-05,0.00109,0.00188,0.00054,0.00032,0.00022,0.00105,0.00027,0.00067,0.00022,0.00022,7e-05,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00011,9e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00012,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.00343,0.00186,0.00181,0.00145,0.0,0.00018,0.00113,0.00015,0.00197,0.0014,0.00101,0.00071,0.00098,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00061,0.01262,0.00012,3e-05,0.00215,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.00066,0.00041,0.00044,1e-05,0.01049,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.02344,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0006,0.00061,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.00141,0.00091,0.00032,0.00054,8e-05,0.0014,0.00054,7e-05,0.0002,2e-05,2e-05,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0004,6e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.0004,0.00011,0.00024,0.00026,0.00051,0.00035,0.00015,0.00026,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00067,0.00053,0.00012,0.00031,0.0004,0.00026,0.0,0.00078,0.00063,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0001,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00319,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.06416,0.00044,0.00012,0.00016,0.00051,0.00179,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0004,0.00035,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00018,0.0006,0.00034,0.00086,0.00039,0.00037,0.00034,0.00038,0.00291,0.00201,0.00317,0.00028,0.00064,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00082,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00016,0.00084,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.0001,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.00012,6e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00011,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.00011,0.00022,0.00647,7e-05,0.00051,0.00019,0.00019,0.00048,0.00085,0.0001,0.0016,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00011,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00012,9e-05,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00044,0.00121,0.00169,0.00164,0.00048,0.00106,0.00269,0.00152,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.00016,0.00309,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,6e-05,3e-05,0.00051,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00263,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00034,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00014,1e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.00047,0.00036,3e-05,0.0,0.00042,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00092,0.00057,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00039,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.00014,3e-05,9e-05,0.00042,0.00023,0.00103,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00265,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.00097,0.00066,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.00013,0.0,8e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00173,0.00037,0.00035,0.00032,2e-05,0.00029,0.00062,0.00357,0.00038,1e-05,0.00085,0.00012,0.00031,0.00014,8e-05,7e-05,0.0125,0.00202,0.00043,0.00025,0.00017,0.00155,0.00031,0.00085,0.00026,0.00019,0.00068,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00041,0.00034,0.00113,0.00024,0.0043,0.00028,0.00038,0.00013,0.00023,0.00028,0.00017,9e-05,0.00051,0.00073,9e-05,5e-05,0.00032,0.00018,0.00015,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,0.00037,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00015,6e-05,0.00047,0.00018,0.00027,0.0138,0.00059,8e-05,0.0002,0.00057,0.00071,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.00048,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00047,0.00058,3e-05,0.00069,0.0002,0.00046,0.00145,0.00135,0.00086,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.00123,0.0013,0.00077,0.00063,0.00031,0.00071,0.00046,3e-05,0.00012,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.0,0.00014,0.00065,0.0,0.00171,0.00041,0.0002,8e-05,0.00168,0.0,7e-05,0.00057,0.00026,0.0001,0.00038,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.00026,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0005,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00049,0.00038,8e-05,0.00048,0.00056,0.00038,0.00079,0.0,0.00034,1e-05,0.00028,0.00182,0.00046,0.00026,0.00103,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00015,0.00037,0.00052,0.00015,2e-05,0.00073,3e-05,1e-05,0.00064,0.00155,0.00171,5e-05,0.00015,0.00019,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.00111,0.00026,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.00125,0.00026,7e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,0.00027,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0003,6e-05,0.00016,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00102,0.00099,0.00012,0.00093,0.00221,3e-05,0.00053,4e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00025,9e-05,0.00024,0.00022,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,0.00163,1e-05,0.00036,0.0005,0.00028,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00019,0.00024,0.0,2e-05,0.00512,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00206,9e-05,0.00014,0.00039,0.00074,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00224,0.00015,3e-05,0.0003,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.00015,0.00083,4e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0004,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00139,0.00011,0.00021,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,0.00026,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00017,2e-05,0.00012,0.00019,0.00012,0.00058,0.00025,0.00053,0.00022,0.00043,0.00012,5e-05,0.00023,0.00011,0.00057,0.00036,0.00032,0.00043,0.00101,0.00118,0.0011,0.00154,0.00147,0.0012,0.00084,0.00017,0.00029,0.00047,0.00161,0.00084,0.00067,0.0011,0.00322,0.00011,0.00048,0.00042,0.0005,0.00089,0.00021,0.0,0.00045,0.00032,0.00011,8e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00024,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00088,0.00236,1e-05,0.00015,0.00741,0.00028,0.00188,0.01006,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.00056,0.00051,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00177,4e-05,0.00042,1e-05,0.00013,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00055,0.0002,0.00036,0.00072,0.00798,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0012,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00028,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00092,1e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00341,6e-05,0.00191,0.0,0.00082,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00119,0.00052,3e-05,0.00112,0.00111,0.00018,7e-05,9e-05,0.00016,0.00031,0.00054,0.00114,0.00128,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00033,0.00053,0.00045,0.00031,0.00025,8e-05,0.0002,0.00044,0.0005,0.00019,0.00023,5e-05,0.00018,0.00011,0.00035,0.00011,0.00019,0.00027,9e-05,0.00023,0.00015,0.00033,0.00035,0.00014,0.00023,2e-05,0.00029,3e-05,0.00025,0.0001,0.00049,0.00023,0.00026,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.00026,0.00021,0.00035,0.00036,1e-05,0.00034,9e-05,0.00034,0.00012,0.00025,0.00011,0.00036,0.00017,0.00022,0.00025,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00033,7e-05,0.00022,0.00034,0.00015,0.00022,0.00029,8e-05,0.00021,0.00017,0.00013,0.00018,0.00055,0.0004,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.00039,0.00058,0.0,0.00072,0.0,8e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00132,0.00143,0.0031,0.00187,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.00019,0.00022,0.00069,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.00656,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00463,4e-05,9e-05,8e-05,8e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00037,0.00026,4e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.00505,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0021,0.00484,0.00173,0.00101,3e-05,0.00044,3e-05,2e-05,0.00049,0.0004,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00113,0.00025,3e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00012,1e-05,0.00143,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00037,0.00044,0.00021,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00073,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,1e-05,0.00231,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,4e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00034,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254822,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00029,0.0,0.00028,0.00038,0.0011,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00066,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00052,0.00054,0.00017,0.00023,0.00086,0.00026,7e-05,0.0,0.00076,0.00039,0.00443,0.00044,0.00019,0.00021,0.00077,0.00869,0.00139,0.00011,0.00012,0.00109,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00157,0.00867,0.00046,0.00019,0.00138,0.00081,0.0006,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00019,0.0,0.00106,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.00065,0.00399,0.00018,0.0005,0.00016,2e-05,0.00076,0.0,0.001,0.00098,0.00077,0.00016,0.00021,0.00019,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00027,0.0,3e-05,0.00158,0.0,0.00109,0.00138,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.00037,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00017,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.00024,0.00033,9e-05,0.00101,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00075,0.0,4e-05,0.00027,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00078,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00062,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00044,0.00025,3e-05,0.00037,0.00025,0.00022,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.00065,0.00057,0.00036,0.0005,0.00021,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00038,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00014,1e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00014,0.0,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,0.00015,0.00453,0.0,0.00062,0.00093,0.0,0.00025,0.00011,0.00067,0.00069,6e-05,0.00016,0.00032,0.00094,0.00016,0.00109,0.00014,0.00031,0.00015,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00043,6e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00019,0.00012,0.00016,0.00029,0.00029,0.00073,0.00014,0.00046,0.00031,0.00026,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0001,0.00012,0.00025,0.00014,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,0.00064,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0009,3e-05,4e-05,0.00053,0.00013,3e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00018,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00052,0.0001,0.00018,5e-05,7e-05,0.0002,0.0071,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00056,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,0.00011,0.00018,0.00024,2e-05,0.00019,0.00015,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,0.00019,0.00012,0.0,0.00042,0.00042,0.00042,0.00053,0.0,0.00122,0.00113,0.001,0.00108,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00063,0.00042,0.00015,0.00023,0.00029,0.0003,0.0003,0.00021,0.00021,0.00045,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00142,0.00175,0.00086,0.00139,0.00066,0.00065,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,8e-05,0.00033,0.00022,3e-05,4e-05,0.00034,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,3e-05,0.00019,6e-05,4e-05,9e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00066,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00791,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00072,0.0,0.0012,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00163,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00106,0.00014,0.00059,0.0002,0.00018,0.00057,0.00015,0.00044,0.0,0.00039,0.00056,0.00062,0.0,0.0001,0.00014,0.00013,0.00038,0.00013,2e-05,0.00142,0.00107,0.00105,0.00118,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00091,0.00114,4e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.00023,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,0.00026,3e-05,0.00011,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00019,9e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.00047,6e-05,0.00026,0.00018,0.0002,0.00137,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,7e-05,0.00033,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.00048,0.00025,0.00043,0.00033,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,1e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00096,0.00011,0.00026,0.00049,0.00028,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00029,0.0002,0.0003,0.00135,0.00108,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00035,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00016,0.0001,0.00014,0.00176,0.00059,0.00046,0.00037,1e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.0002,0.00042,0.00084,5e-05,0.00011,0.0005,0.00051,0.00047,0.00013,0.00013,0.00045,0.0004,0.00149,0.00232,0.00052,0.0,0.00014,0.0004,0.00033,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00078,0.00261,0.00047,0.00045,0.00028,0.00014,0.00106,0.0002,0.00022,4e-05,0.00058,0.00315,0.00015,0.00087,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.00014,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.00075,1e-05,0.00034,0.00031,0.00017,0.00042,0.00017,0.00024,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0009,0.00082,0.00079,0.04389,0.00058,0.00165,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.00059,0.00215,0.00366,0.0003,0.00025,0.0004,0.00212,0.00175,0.0009,0.01016,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00015,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00428,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00054,0.00036,7e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00063,0.0,0.00024,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,0.00012,0.00012,0.00024,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00019,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00025,0.00012,0.00059,0.0001,0.00091,3e-05,0.00014,0.00014,9e-05,0.00032,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.00037,0.00061,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0007,0.00204,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00036,0.0002,0.00052,0.00015,0.00021,0.00133,3e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00049,0.00052,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00025,0.00104,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00116,0.00013,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.00126,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00078,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00031,0.00062,0.00049,0.00018,7e-05,5e-05,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00227,0.00134,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00713,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,9e-05,0.00064,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00668,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.00015,0.00053,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00052,0.00041,0.0003,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00015,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00118,0.00488,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00038,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.00024,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00054,0.00034,0.00021,0.00049,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0007,0.00076,0.0,0.00258,0.0067,0.00138,0.00188,0.00274,0.00256,0.00487,0.00011,6e-05,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.00018,0.0,8e-05,0.0012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.00118,6e-05,0.0,0.00328,9e-05,0.00099,0.00075,1e-05,0.00058,0.00011,0.00087,0.00013,0.00022,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00052,0.00199,0.0,0.00012,0.00046,0.00061,0.00015,0.0001,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00523,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0006,0.00294,0.0092,0.0054,0.0046,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0004,4e-05,0.0001,3e-05,7e-05,0.0015,9e-05,0.00024,0.00016,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.00202,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00018,0.00044,2e-05,0.00016,2e-05,4e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00023,8e-05,0.00038,1e-05,0.00035,0.0,6e-05,0.00037,2e-05,0.00023,0.0003,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00115,0.0,0.00037,4e-05,0.00013,0.00022,0.00021,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.00473,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0002,2e-05,3e-05,0.00108,0.00083,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00153,0.01136,0.00011,0.00037,7e-05,3e-05,0.00059,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.0006,0.00053,0.00014,0.00011,0.00012,0.00054,0.00012,0.0003,5e-05,0.00014,0.00115,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00047,0.00094,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00031,9e-05,1e-05,0.00036,0.00055,0.00046,0.00025,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00018,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,7e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.00014,0.00315,0.00244,0.00158,0.00451,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00031,0.00017,9e-05,0.00015,0.00015,0.00018,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,2e-05,0.00113,0.00198,0.00047,0.00024,0.00024,0.00127,0.00043,0.001,0.00034,0.00029,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00025,2e-05,1e-05,0.00019,2e-05,1e-05,0.00047,3e-05,0.00231,0.00159,0.00146,0.00141,0.0,0.00033,0.00096,0.00045,0.00165,0.0011,0.00081,0.00081,0.00099,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00077,0.01556,0.0001,7e-05,0.00296,0.0,0.00016,0.00014,0.00061,0.00064,0.00053,0.0001,0.01547,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,4e-05,0.00028,0.013,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00054,0.00045,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00102,0.00037,0.00025,0.00036,3e-05,0.00103,0.00032,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00062,2e-05,0.0,0.00036,6e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00057,0.00013,0.0003,0.00026,0.00047,0.00025,0.00033,0.00037,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00052,0.00045,4e-05,0.00031,0.00043,0.0002,0.0,0.00043,0.00037,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00012,2e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.00168,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.03379,0.00063,0.00027,0.00047,0.00154,0.00854,0.00011,0.00012,0.00016,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00033,0.0004,3e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00039,0.00015,0.0005,0.00023,0.00049,0.00026,0.00043,0.00032,0.00032,0.00346,0.00237,0.00337,0.00033,0.00058,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00112,0.00044,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00014,0.00092,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00036,3e-05,6e-05,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0003,0.0,8e-05,0.00258,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00018,6e-05,4e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0002,0.00013,5e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.00022,0.0068,0.00017,0.0003,0.00016,0.0002,0.00056,0.00059,0.00013,0.0018,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00013,9e-05,4e-05,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0002,0.00013,0.0001,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00043,0.00128,0.00178,0.00143,0.0007,0.00097,0.00364,0.00152,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.0002,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00025,8e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00019,7e-05,3e-05,0.00062,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00289,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.00054,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.00048,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00048,0.00034,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00038,0.00015,9e-05,1e-05,0.00026,0.00014,0.00104,0.00022,0.00022,0.00102,0.00122,0.00256,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00132,0.0008,0.00072,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00184,0.00045,0.00065,0.00022,0.0,0.00011,0.00059,0.00178,0.0002,7e-05,0.00058,0.00014,0.00044,0.00014,0.00018,0.0001,0.00743,0.00163,0.00037,0.00028,0.00017,0.00212,0.00019,0.001,0.00032,0.00016,0.00084,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.00029,0.00098,0.00031,0.00484,0.00027,0.00042,5e-05,0.0002,0.00033,0.00019,0.00012,0.00018,0.00036,0.00016,4e-05,0.00018,0.00017,0.00044,0.00016,0.00019,4e-05,0.0002,5e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.00013,0.00014,5e-05,0.00053,0.00018,0.00017,0.01467,0.0004,5e-05,0.00017,0.00028,0.00045,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00116,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.00073,4e-05,0.00069,0.00023,0.00041,0.00125,0.00101,0.0009,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.00131,0.00077,0.00078,0.00037,0.00037,0.00043,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00019,0.0,0.00018,0.00059,0.0,0.0021,0.00089,0.00025,0.0001,0.00154,0.0,7e-05,0.00088,0.00017,0.00015,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00012,0.00023,8e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00043,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00057,0.00019,4e-05,0.00034,0.00052,0.00053,0.00119,0.0,0.00032,5e-05,0.00026,0.0011,0.0004,0.00025,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.00037,0.00051,5e-05,3e-05,0.00048,5e-05,1e-05,0.00049,0.00078,0.00132,5e-05,0.00014,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00076,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.00159,0.00037,8e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00028,0.00027,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00018,0.00022,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00097,0.0014,7e-05,0.00181,0.00822,0.0,0.00088,0.00013,0.00021,2e-05,0.00017,7e-05,0.00016,0.00018,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,1e-05,9e-05,0.00023,0.00256,3e-05,0.0006,0.00062,0.00046,0.0008,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.00022,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,0.00248,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00117,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.00199,0.00014,0.00012,0.00034,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00152,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00016,0.00055,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0005,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00119,0.00012,0.00028,9e-05,0.0002,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,5e-05,0.00044,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00017,3e-05,0.00019,0.00031,6e-05,0.00029,0.00014,0.00049,0.00019,0.0003,0.00014,0.00012,0.00025,0.00016,0.00047,0.00026,0.00027,0.00038,0.001,0.00114,0.00087,0.00128,0.00128,0.00104,0.00106,0.00013,0.00021,0.0004,0.00127,0.00086,0.00073,0.00114,0.00289,0.00022,0.00038,0.00042,0.00059,0.001,0.00021,0.0,0.00056,0.00022,0.00011,6e-05,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.00021,0.00048,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0016,0.00491,5e-05,9e-05,0.01125,0.00032,0.00289,0.01528,4e-05,0.00031,0.0,1e-05,0.00057,0.00062,0.00178,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00113,2e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.00026,9e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.00023,0.00043,0.00064,0.00865,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.00088,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,2e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00029,5e-05,0.00047,0.00012,4e-05,2e-05,0.00754,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.00027,0.00014,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00506,0.00015,0.00554,0.0,0.00364,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00213,0.00082,0.00015,0.0036,0.00245,0.00101,0.00029,0.00028,0.00036,0.00088,0.00145,0.00101,0.00253,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00039,0.00028,0.00041,0.0007,0.00027,0.00027,8e-05,0.00027,0.00038,0.00045,0.00028,0.00034,2e-05,0.0004,0.0001,0.00037,0.00023,0.00017,0.00039,0.00012,0.00032,0.00014,0.00044,0.00031,0.00014,0.00028,0.0,0.00048,3e-05,0.0002,0.00012,0.00053,0.0003,0.0003,0.0,0.00021,6e-05,0.00032,0.00018,0.00026,0.00031,4e-05,0.00035,0.00011,0.00041,0.00012,0.00026,8e-05,0.00049,0.00024,0.00023,0.00056,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00031,2e-05,0.00035,0.00028,0.00013,0.0003,0.00051,3e-05,0.00031,0.0002,0.00017,0.00031,0.00061,0.00032,0.0003,0.00016,0.0,0.00042,0.00046,0.00066,0.0,0.00093,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,0.00037,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00102,0.00105,0.00114,0.00139,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00012,0.0002,0.00022,0.00149,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0002,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.00728,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00517,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00013,0.00033,0.00029,4e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.00194,0.00487,0.00154,0.00683,0.00018,0.00033,7e-05,5e-05,0.00052,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00081,0.00025,2e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00014,0.0,0.0011,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00036,0.00041,0.00015,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.00458,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00016,0.00088,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254823,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00047,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00044,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.0001,0.0001,0.0004,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00017,0.00256,0.00035,0.00014,0.00033,0.00094,0.01091,0.0018,0.00027,0.00029,0.00068,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.00868,0.00065,0.00057,0.00135,0.00152,0.00065,0.00233,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.00024,4e-05,0.00035,0.00015,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.00037,0.0004,0.00033,0.00016,0.00011,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00248,2e-05,0.00338,0.00056,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00035,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,3e-05,0.00015,0.00018,0.00029,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00039,0.0,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00011,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00038,0.00025,1e-05,0.00012,0.00021,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0002,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0004,0.00031,0.00016,0.00021,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00017,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00127,0.0,0.00021,0.00033,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00024,0.00015,6e-05,0.00014,0.00019,0.00018,0.0,0.00021,0.0002,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00016,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00035,0.0001,0.00029,0.00015,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00027,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00425,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00038,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00012,3e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00193,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00013,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0002,8e-05,0.00018,0.00018,0.0,0.0016,0.00131,0.00109,0.00076,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.00017,0.00015,6e-05,9e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.00058,0.00044,0.00057,0.00013,0.00023,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,1e-05,0.0002,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,0.0003,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,5e-05,0.0002,0.00014,2e-05,0.00063,0.00057,0.00049,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00048,0.0008,0.00016,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.00068,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00369,0.00011,5e-05,0.0001,0.00016,7e-05,7e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00023,0.0,0.00022,0.00018,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.00026,0.00011,0.00052,0.00043,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00015,2e-05,5e-05,0.00038,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00096,1e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.00011,0.0001,0.00024,6e-05,0.00015,0.00033,0.00012,0.00027,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00033,2e-05,3e-05,0.00024,0.00042,8e-05,0.0001,6e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00023,7e-05,0.0006,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00017,7e-05,8e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,7e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00023,0.00078,0.00532,0.00027,0.00023,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00016,0.00029,0.00054,0.00017,5e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.00038,0.00024,0.00049,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00069,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.00027,7e-05,0.00036,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00036,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00023,0.00011,0.00033,0.00012,6e-05,0.00111,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00083,0.00025,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00025,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00012,0.00025,0.00025,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,0.00062,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00307,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,4e-05,0.00037,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,9e-05,0.00047,0.00013,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.00011,9e-05,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0002,0.00029,0.0,0.00011,0.00027,3e-05,9e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0002,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00054,2e-05,0.0,0.00318,6e-05,0.00027,0.00016,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.00013,0.00031,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.00073,1e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.00032,0.00029,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0013,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00054,0.00666,0.01941,0.0107,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00016,4e-05,7e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00063,0.0002,3e-05,5e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00071,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00052,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.0008,0.0001,0.00021,8e-05,0.0,0.00035,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00031,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00014,8e-05,9e-05,0.00027,0.00021,0.00021,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0008,0.00048,0.00031,0.00153,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,5e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0005,0.00032,0.00021,0.00014,9e-05,0.00069,0.00013,0.00042,9e-05,0.00017,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00014,1e-05,2e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0028,0.00105,0.00071,0.0005,0.0,6e-05,0.00044,5e-05,0.00074,0.00052,0.00024,0.00031,0.00045,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.01149,0.00048,2e-05,0.00096,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.00021,0.00067,0.00015,0.0,0.00174,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00069,0.00147,0.0213,0.00015,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00019,0.00023,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00023,0.00021,0.0001,0.00018,5e-05,0.00034,0.00023,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00021,4e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.00018,8e-05,0.00012,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00013,2e-05,0.0001,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0048,0.0001,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.00019,0.00025,0.0003,0.00016,0.00016,0.0001,0.00011,0.00169,0.00111,0.00161,0.00016,0.00028,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,8e-05,0.00012,1e-05,5e-05,0.00012,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.0003,0.00013,0.0,9e-05,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00039,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00224,0.00011,0.00013,0.00016,0.00012,0.00064,0.00016,0.0001,0.00033,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.00118,0.00206,0.00145,0.00053,0.00171,0.00427,0.00165,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,5e-05,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00036,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00128,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00029,0.00033,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00026,2e-05,4e-05,0.00025,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00025,0.00023,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00106,0.00039,0.00022,0.00049,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00098,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00029,4e-05,0.00024,0.00015,9e-05,0.00028,4e-05,0.00059,0.0001,9e-05,0.00101,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00065,0.00057,0.00136,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.01017,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00033,1e-05,0.00023,5e-05,0.0002,0.00084,0.06159,0.07075,0.05466,0.0,0.0,0.08619,0.12406,0.04552,0.04696,0.02691,0.01595,0.04892,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.00074,0.00023,3e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,9e-05,6e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00051,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00033,0.00012,5e-05,0.00031,0.00042,0.00044,0.00105,0.0,0.00043,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00141,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00063,0.0002,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00016,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00058,0.0007,9e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0004,0.00019,0.00019,1e-05,0.00019,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00117,1e-05,8e-05,0.00041,6e-05,0.00031,0.00028,0.00031,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00037,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0016,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0002,0.00024,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00064,2e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00053,8e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00184,0.00011,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00024,0.0001,0.00017,9e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00015,0.0002,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.00025,9e-05,0.00022,0.00058,0.00046,0.0003,0.0005,0.00041,0.00043,0.00057,6e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00057,0.00033,0.00043,0.00042,0.00065,0.00011,0.00022,0.0001,0.00022,0.00045,8e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00028,0.00047,6e-05,3e-05,0.00156,8e-05,0.00109,0.00159,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.00051,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00057,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0003,0.00024,0.00045,0.00325,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0003,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,2e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.00032,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00015,0.0001,0.0002,9e-05,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.00018,8e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00021,0.0001,0.00013,9e-05,7e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00013,0.0001,6e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,0.00015,0.00014,0.00014,3e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.00025,0.0001,0.00019,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.00024,0.00016,3e-05,0.00013,0.00032,4e-05,0.00021,9e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00027,0.0001,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00016,0.0003,0.0,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00105,0.0011,0.00114,0.00123,8e-05,0.00037,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0004,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.00247,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00111,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.00025,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.00041,0.00016,0.00021,1e-05,0.00011,3e-05,2e-05,0.00024,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,1e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00026,0.00037,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00044,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00131,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254824,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00014,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,0.00096,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00082,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.00023,0.00016,0.00014,0.00017,0.00076,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00025,0.00125,0.00037,9e-05,0.00012,0.00121,0.01243,0.00193,7e-05,0.00012,0.00026,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00385,0.00025,0.00013,0.00054,0.00041,0.00015,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0002,0.0,0.00076,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00022,0.00202,7e-05,0.00071,0.00022,2e-05,0.00081,0.0,0.00086,0.0012,0.00102,0.00022,0.00019,0.00016,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00344,0.0,0.00553,0.00159,7e-05,0.00034,3e-05,0.00028,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00047,0.00052,0.00079,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,0.00031,0.00017,0.00014,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00047,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00086,0.00025,9e-05,0.00028,0.00035,0.00025,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.0001,0.00027,0.00096,0.0008,0.00068,0.00048,0.00025,0.0001,5e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00019,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00022,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00037,0.00013,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00239,0.0,0.00024,0.0005,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00038,0.00021,4e-05,0.00035,0.00012,0.00053,3e-05,0.00038,0.00045,0.00014,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.00019,4e-05,0.00033,0.00021,0.00053,5e-05,0.00059,0.00022,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0007,0.00011,0.00015,0.00049,0.00023,0.00032,0.00033,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00068,0.00071,0.00012,8e-05,2e-05,0.00067,0.00033,8e-05,0.00071,0.00077,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0006,0.00022,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.00058,0.00034,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00068,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,7e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00013,4e-05,8e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00021,0.00408,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,5e-05,9e-05,0.00012,1e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00038,0.00032,0.00032,0.0,0.00198,0.00169,0.00154,0.00125,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00039,0.00044,0.00041,0.00017,0.00024,0.00024,0.00021,0.00031,0.00024,0.00027,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.00132,0.00104,0.00104,0.00046,0.00042,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00019,5e-05,1e-05,0.0002,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0012,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00296,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00054,0.00017,0.00031,0.0,0.00024,0.00041,0.00043,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00049,0.00013,2e-05,0.00126,0.00115,0.00102,0.00094,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00084,0.00108,3e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00016,0.00023,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00704,2e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.00026,9e-05,0.00015,0.0001,6e-05,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00021,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.00033,0.00012,0.00027,0.00025,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,6e-05,9e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.00025,0.0003,0.00078,0.00173,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00033,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0002,0.00097,7e-05,0.00022,0.00029,1e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00027,0.00056,3e-05,0.00016,0.00029,0.00027,0.00025,0.00033,0.00016,0.00039,0.00033,0.00051,0.00187,0.00048,2e-05,9e-05,0.00031,0.00025,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.0006,0.00103,0.00047,0.00027,0.00035,0.00029,0.00057,8e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.00027,0.00117,8e-05,0.00107,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00047,0.00018,4e-05,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00039,0.0,0.00015,0.00028,0.0001,0.0002,0.00011,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00065,0.00057,0.00082,0.03801,0.00049,0.00117,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.00039,0.00119,0.00201,0.00031,0.00016,0.00019,0.00026,0.00122,0.00082,0.00095,9e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00174,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00026,0.0002,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.00035,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00012,0.00027,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00011,0.00028,6e-05,0.0011,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.00025,0.00179,0.01996,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0004,0.00025,0.00083,0.00025,2e-05,0.00061,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00087,0.00017,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00014,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0004,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0002,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00022,0.00063,0.00046,0.00031,3e-05,2e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00031,0.00031,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00171,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00023,7e-05,4e-05,0.00148,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00636,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00023,0.00018,4e-05,7e-05,0.00069,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00027,0.00098,0.00034,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00046,0.00082,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00017,0.0001,0.00013,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00041,0.00021,0.0,0.00026,0.00052,0.00012,0.00014,0.00033,0.00028,0.00062,0.00011,9e-05,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.00181,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.00078,1e-05,0.0,0.00556,0.00012,0.00017,0.00023,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00029,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.00042,0.00098,1e-05,0.00011,0.00049,0.00062,5e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00215,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00106,0.00547,0.01447,0.00549,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00137,0.00025,0.0,6e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.00162,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0002,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00016,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.00067,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.00405,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.0001,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00049,0.00019,9e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,4e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0005,0.00113,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00033,0.00042,0.00074,0.00039,0.00059,0.00051,0.00033,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00014,0.00106,0.00048,0.00046,0.00133,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00019,0.00015,0.00011,0.00017,0.0003,0.00027,0.00035,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,2e-05,0.00117,0.00056,0.00065,0.00015,0.00016,0.00125,0.00028,0.0008,0.0001,0.00018,2e-05,0.0001,8e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00343,0.00139,0.00116,0.00096,0.0,0.0001,0.00076,0.00011,0.00134,0.0011,0.00048,0.00076,0.00076,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0005,0.02169,0.0011,7e-05,0.00261,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.00031,0.00133,0.00026,2e-05,0.0044,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.00713,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00037,0.00047,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00046,0.00068,0.00023,0.00046,4e-05,0.00109,0.0005,0.0001,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,0.00033,2e-05,0.0,0.00041,5e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00043,7e-05,0.00021,0.00025,0.00038,0.00034,0.00038,0.00042,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0004,0.00048,0.0001,0.00029,0.00041,7e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.00051,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0001,2e-05,0.00015,0.00016,0.00131,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.01332,0.00012,3e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0006,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.00031,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00028,0.00014,0.00051,0.00018,0.00057,0.00026,0.00035,0.00034,0.0004,0.00494,0.00295,0.00495,0.00034,0.00067,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0012,0.00023,0.00012,0.00011,0.00012,0.00012,6e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,0.00048,0.00014,0.00066,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00021,0.00022,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.0,7e-05,0.00078,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00089,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00031,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,8e-05,5e-05,5e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0036,4e-05,0.00018,0.00013,8e-05,0.00084,0.00012,6e-05,0.00054,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.00166,0.00229,0.00186,0.00085,0.00152,0.00629,0.0027,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00019,9e-05,1e-05,0.00061,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.00416,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00035,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,9e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00052,0.00029,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.00021,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00041,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0002,0.00016,0.00024,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00053,0.00035,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00116,0.00048,0.0004,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.00103,0.0001,0.0,0.00025,4e-05,0.00029,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00046,0.00026,7e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00039,2e-05,0.00213,0.00014,7e-05,0.00043,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00148,0.00027,0.00228,0.00011,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00018,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0002,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00048,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.00015,0.00886,0.00013,2e-05,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00166,0.00085,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00062,0.00118,3e-05,0.00044,0.00019,0.00028,0.00112,0.00021,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0003,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00032,0.0,0.00108,0.00015,0.0001,5e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00023,0.00015,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.00016,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00057,4e-05,0.00015,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00046,0.00026,0.00015,0.00044,0.00074,0.00046,0.00152,0.0,0.00073,5e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00044,0.0002,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00016,0.00067,2e-05,2e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00197,4e-05,9e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.00028,9e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00037,0.00119,0.00031,0.00011,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,0.00033,0.00033,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00011,0.00028,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00172,0.02691,0.00012,0.00065,0.00111,2e-05,0.00051,0.00053,0.00064,5e-05,0.00033,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00028,1e-05,0.00019,0.0008,0.0,0.00081,0.00079,0.00057,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00031,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,1e-05,0.00421,5e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.00019,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00014,0.00027,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00064,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00077,0.00016,0.00029,0.00015,0.00026,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.25727,0.00161,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,1e-05,4e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.0002,0.00028,0.00041,0.00015,0.00035,0.0001,7e-05,0.00021,0.00012,0.00025,0.00022,0.00021,0.00025,0.00125,0.00072,0.00074,0.00061,0.0008,0.00052,0.00065,0.00015,0.00024,0.00031,0.00093,0.00067,0.00058,0.00058,0.00106,0.00016,0.00033,0.00047,0.00051,0.00072,0.0003,0.0,0.00046,0.00042,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00039,9e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00186,0.00256,9e-05,7e-05,0.00853,0.00025,0.00639,0.00659,4e-05,0.00017,1e-05,2e-05,0.00095,0.00092,0.0042,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00342,6e-05,0.00064,7e-05,8e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00119,0.00072,0.00029,0.00047,0.00572,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00026,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00024,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00078,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00233,2e-05,0.00233,0.0,0.00038,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.00037,4e-05,0.00051,0.00063,0.00025,3e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00016,0.00037,0.00032,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00022,0.00036,0.00046,0.00027,0.0002,4e-05,0.00027,0.0004,0.00056,0.00032,0.00023,1e-05,0.00026,8e-05,0.00026,7e-05,0.00024,0.00033,0.00015,0.00023,0.00011,0.00038,0.00028,8e-05,0.00038,1e-05,0.00039,3e-05,0.00028,0.0001,0.00058,0.00045,0.00023,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,0.00032,0.00031,0.00027,0.00038,0.0,0.00047,9e-05,0.00033,8e-05,0.00018,0.0001,0.00048,0.00022,0.0002,0.00037,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00021,5e-05,0.00025,0.00026,7e-05,0.00024,0.00059,8e-05,0.00035,0.00021,7e-05,0.00018,0.00068,0.00034,0.00019,0.00022,0.0,0.00032,0.0005,0.00079,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.00015,0.00034,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,2e-05,0.00125,0.00148,0.00127,0.00168,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00026,0.00011,0.00026,0.00034,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0027,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00214,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00068,0.00036,7e-05,9e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00026,0.0001,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00031,0.00104,0.00014,0.00161,3e-05,0.00012,5e-05,6e-05,0.00055,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00023,0.00016,7e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,2e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00011,1e-05,0.00048,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00058,0.00038,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00098,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00227,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254825,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00021,0.0,0.00096,0.00019,0.00108,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00066,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0005,0.00045,0.00018,0.00042,0.00148,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,0.00114,0.00057,0.00958,0.00152,0.00027,0.00051,0.00295,0.13982,0.00393,0.00018,0.00018,0.00099,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01699,0.00855,0.00091,0.00021,0.00145,0.00223,0.00062,0.00198,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00027,0.0,0.00067,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.00024,0.00165,3e-05,0.00063,0.00017,1e-05,0.00105,0.0,0.00084,0.00093,0.00101,0.00021,0.00016,0.00018,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00112,0.0,0.00142,0.00116,8e-05,0.00091,0.0001,0.00068,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,3e-05,0.00111,0.00123,0.00216,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00023,4e-05,0.00035,0.00028,9e-05,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00118,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00063,0.00021,2e-05,0.00033,0.00031,0.00036,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00068,0.00074,0.00041,0.00033,0.00018,0.00014,8e-05,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00028,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,3e-05,2e-05,0.00021,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0022,0.0,0.00016,0.00041,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00031,0.00023,1e-05,0.00054,0.00014,0.00049,2e-05,0.00037,0.00055,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.00014,8e-05,0.00027,0.0002,0.00068,6e-05,0.00054,0.00036,0.00022,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00615,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00078,2e-05,1e-05,0.00018,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,7e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00027,0.00586,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.00017,0.00025,2e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00013,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00012,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,0.00041,0.00044,0.00059,0.00043,0.0,0.00171,0.00149,0.00141,0.00105,0.00101,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00042,0.00036,0.00046,0.00031,0.00018,0.00025,0.00025,0.00024,0.00023,0.00016,0.00029,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.00134,0.00071,0.00081,0.00034,0.00043,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.00012,5e-05,4e-05,0.00034,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,0.00036,7e-05,0.00109,0.00014,0.00025,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00289,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00051,0.00022,0.00051,0.0,0.00035,0.00043,0.00044,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00045,0.00025,2e-05,0.0012,0.00089,0.00073,0.00085,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00109,0.0014,8e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.00035,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00018,0.00025,4e-05,8e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0349,6e-05,9e-05,0.0003,0.00057,0.00012,0.00019,0.00019,0.00012,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00097,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.00025,0.00017,0.00023,0.00025,0.0,0.00025,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00058,8e-05,0.00018,0.00029,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,0.00191,0.0004,0.00588,0.00121,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0003,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0005,5e-05,0.00018,0.00026,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00027,0.00069,5e-05,0.00011,0.0002,0.00022,0.00018,0.00019,0.0001,0.00027,0.00021,0.00028,0.00062,0.00045,0.0,4e-05,0.00026,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00032,0.00083,6e-05,6e-05,0.00021,0.00019,0.0005,0.00011,8e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.00086,0.00014,0.00088,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,0.00048,0.00027,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00031,1e-05,0.00021,0.00024,0.00015,0.00033,0.00013,0.00016,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0006,0.00059,0.00098,0.03308,0.00038,0.00097,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0011,0.00044,0.00189,0.00252,0.00049,0.00021,0.00039,0.0004,0.00181,0.00134,0.00129,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.00071,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00112,9e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00053,0.00039,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00071,0.0,0.00031,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00014,0.00025,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00043,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00038,0.00019,0.00046,0.00012,0.00062,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00018,0.00025,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00029,0.00026,0.00078,0.00018,2e-05,0.00086,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0011,0.00025,0.00015,0.00016,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00021,0.00023,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00022,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00018,7e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.00137,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00021,0.00061,0.00054,0.00014,5e-05,1e-05,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00025,0.00026,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,0.00013,8e-05,0.00184,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.01314,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00079,0.00022,2e-05,0.00014,0.00045,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00023,0.00073,0.00029,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00074,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00015,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.00018,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00019,0.00013,0.00037,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00052,0.00036,0.0,0.00029,0.00057,0.00014,0.00025,0.0004,0.00034,0.00066,0.00015,0.00012,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.00114,3e-05,0.0,0.00962,6e-05,0.00046,0.00029,2e-05,0.00023,0.0001,0.00025,0.00012,0.00013,7e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00015,0.00044,0.00117,3e-05,0.0001,0.00034,0.00046,0.00015,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00202,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.00061,0.00639,0.01048,0.00926,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00013,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00118,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0017,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00038,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.00021,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0011,0.00358,0.00013,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.00087,0.0002,0.00024,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00012,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00025,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00062,0.00085,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00017,0.00014,2e-05,0.00056,0.00063,0.00056,0.00031,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00017,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,0.0001,0.00013,0.00176,0.00116,0.00106,0.00292,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00036,0.00017,5e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00032,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,2e-05,0.0014,0.00077,0.00093,0.00026,0.00022,0.00191,0.00049,0.00106,0.00027,0.00041,2e-05,8e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00018,0.00016,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00034,3e-05,0.0039,0.00134,0.00091,0.00169,0.0,0.00012,0.00088,7e-05,0.00147,0.00149,0.00064,0.00073,0.00074,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00042,0.01171,0.00062,9e-05,0.00154,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,0.00043,0.00143,0.00038,1e-05,0.00559,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.00757,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00037,0.00035,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00037,0.00038,0.00025,0.00034,6e-05,0.00089,0.00039,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.00032,5e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00031,0.00013,0.0002,0.0002,0.00043,0.00024,0.00028,0.00026,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.00025,0.00036,6e-05,0.00026,0.0003,0.0001,0.0,0.00043,0.00054,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,4e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00027,6e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0001,0.00079,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0451,8e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.00051,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.00037,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00036,0.00017,0.00047,0.00026,0.00053,0.00027,0.00014,0.00032,0.00033,0.004,0.00257,0.00395,0.00029,0.00046,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00097,0.00059,0.00038,0.00019,0.00028,0.00074,0.00016,0.00019,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00021,0.00117,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00054,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00025,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,0.0,6e-05,0.00044,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00026,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00013,3e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00053,0.00015,0.00016,0.00493,6e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0001,0.0007,0.00013,0.00016,0.0007,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00013,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.00117,0.00194,0.00159,0.00032,0.00127,0.00435,0.00185,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0003,2e-05,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00032,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00017,0.00014,5e-05,0.0008,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0032,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00031,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00055,0.00025,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00029,0.00031,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.00054,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.00019,1e-05,7e-05,0.00022,0.00043,0.00041,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00045,0.0004,0.00035,0.00012,9e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00014,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.0016,0.00123,0.00083,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00143,0.00018,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.00031,4e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00066,0.00019,4e-05,0.00014,0.00019,0.00047,8e-05,0.00246,0.00015,0.00015,0.00174,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00256,0.00133,0.00414,0.00013,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00024,0.00012,0.00011,8e-05,7e-05,0.0002,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00054,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00011,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00022,0.01055,0.00021,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00143,0.00078,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00061,0.00077,4e-05,0.00024,0.00018,0.00054,0.00185,0.0026,0.01351,0.0058,0.0,0.0,0.00289,0.01465,0.0052,0.0019,0.00146,0.00066,0.00399,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00014,0.0,0.00016,0.00069,0.0,0.00161,0.00019,5e-05,1e-05,0.00037,1e-05,1e-05,0.00207,0.00025,0.00016,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.0002,9e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00061,6e-05,0.00021,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00063,0.00029,9e-05,0.00051,0.00066,0.00059,0.00168,0.0,0.0005,5e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00039,0.00018,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00058,2e-05,4e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00214,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00051,0.00018,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00029,0.00112,0.00039,8e-05,0.00016,0.00015,0.0,0.00017,0.00018,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.00034,3e-05,0.00032,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00234,0.00263,0.00012,0.00044,0.0016,4e-05,0.00067,0.00037,0.00065,7e-05,0.00023,0.00012,0.00012,0.00018,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00093,4e-05,0.00066,0.0006,0.00042,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00243,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00071,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0031,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00046,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00067,0.00299,0.00026,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00058,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00077,0.00013,0.00027,0.00018,0.00036,0.0,0.00011,0.00035,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00049,4e-05,0.00078,0.00146,5e-05,0.00034,0.00029,0.00064,0.00025,0.0005,0.00017,0.00017,0.00023,0.00024,0.00038,0.00042,0.00042,0.00031,0.00547,0.00125,0.0013,0.00164,0.00117,0.00122,0.00095,0.00024,0.00044,0.00034,0.00162,0.00106,0.00114,0.00119,0.00204,0.00017,0.00044,0.00048,0.00076,0.00093,0.00034,0.0,0.00066,0.00025,0.00012,0.00012,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00044,0.00033,0.00055,1e-05,4e-05,0.00086,0.00187,3e-05,6e-05,0.00471,7e-05,0.002,0.00504,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00042,0.00026,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00095,2e-05,0.00031,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.00034,0.00049,0.00077,0.00815,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00027,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00181,3e-05,0.00119,0.0,0.0005,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00022,4e-05,0.0008,0.0005,0.00014,7e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00043,0.00041,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00027,0.00034,0.00043,0.00034,0.00027,2e-05,0.00016,0.00032,0.00053,0.00024,0.00022,4e-05,0.0003,0.00011,0.00029,0.00012,0.0002,0.00022,0.00022,0.00014,9e-05,0.00047,0.00026,8e-05,0.00031,1e-05,0.00039,1e-05,0.00028,0.00015,0.00054,0.00023,0.0002,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.00035,0.00019,0.00019,0.0004,2e-05,0.00035,3e-05,0.00041,9e-05,0.00026,0.0001,0.0003,0.00027,0.00029,0.00034,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00022,3e-05,0.00029,0.00027,9e-05,0.00034,0.00054,6e-05,0.0002,0.00025,0.00032,0.00022,0.00056,0.00019,0.00022,8e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.00037,0.00075,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00013,0.00024,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,3e-05,0.0008,0.00143,0.00126,0.0021,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.00028,0.00025,0.00057,0.00032,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00044,2e-05,0.00538,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00226,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00036,0.00031,0.00011,0.00011,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00021,0.0,0.00029,5e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.00065,0.00128,0.00033,0.00051,1e-05,0.00035,0.0001,1e-05,0.00044,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00088,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00011,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00022,7e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,8e-05,1e-05,0.00071,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00054,0.0005,0.00016,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0005,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,1e-05,0.00189,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00053,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254826,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.03673,0.00123,0.00137,0.00209,0.00361,0.00915,0.00324,0.00091,0.0005,0.14834,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00826,0.19008,0.00242,0.00067,0.01631,0.00852,0.00243,0.00356,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00233,1e-05,0.003,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00019,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00049,0.00038,0.00026,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00028,0.00027,0.0005,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,8e-05,0.0002,0.00042,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,0.00045,0.00029,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.00049,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00021,0.00021,0.00017,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0334,0.00214,0.01492,0.00016,0.00156,0.0019,0.00265,0.00296,0.00033,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.00199,0.00208,0.0005,0.00263,0.00011,0.0003,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0054,0.00032,0.01875,0.04456,0.00597,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00068,0.0005,0.00234,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00228,0.00224,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00016,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00176,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00036,0.00365,0.02298,0.00436,0.00353,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0005,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00039,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00074,0.00039,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00221,6e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0013,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00205,0.00038,0.0004,0.00025,0.0,4e-05,0.00093,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0003,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00658,0.0058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0032,0.00116,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00088,0.00042,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00024,2e-05,0.00018,0.00029,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00046,0.00699,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00114,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00887,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0113,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.07717,0.00202,0.00569,0.0027,0.00432,0.02332,0.00554,0.00363,0.07606,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0001,3e-05,7e-05,0.00037,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00048,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00346,4e-05,0.0,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0002,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00046,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00042,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00245,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.00025,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00029,0.0001,0.00031,8e-05,0.00099,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0011,0.00035,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.00055,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00147,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00045,0.00048,0.00045,0.00201,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0003,0.00024,0.00013,0.00024,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.00015,2e-05,4e-05,0.00109,5e-05,0.00205,0.00228,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00019,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00035,1e-05,0.00275,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.00088,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00015,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00032,0.0001,5e-05,0.00022,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00041,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00296,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00024,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,0.02139,0.00031,6e-05,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00019,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254827,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00221,0.00063,0.00017,0.00091,0.00094,0.0032,0.00077,0.0001,0.00041,0.00046,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.05279,0.00051,0.00028,0.00636,0.00336,0.00106,0.00167,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,8e-05,0.00016,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01078,0.0,0.02308,8e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.00011,0.00077,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00014,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,5e-05,8e-05,0.00025,3e-05,0.0004,0.00014,0.0002,0.00015,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00077,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00137,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00135,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00489,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0006,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00064,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00037,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0002,6e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00037,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,0.00014,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.00016,1e-05,3e-05,0.00023,9e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00168,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.00022,0.00024,1e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00015,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00014,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00875,4e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00026,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00067,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00017,0.00018,0.0003,0.0001,0.0021,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00277,0.00026,0.00149,0.00234,0.00012,0.00019,0.00012,0.00233,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0054,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00194,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.00015,0.00033,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00012,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0029,0.00567,0.00258,0.00522,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00627,0.00401,0.00357,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,7e-05,0.00032,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.00054,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00021,0.00016,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00012,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00102,0.00205,0.00132,0.0008,0.0,0.00269,0.0,0.00175,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.00076,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00118,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00295,0.00324,0.00879,0.00016,0.00043,0.00053,0.00061,0.005,7e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00153,4e-05,0.0001,0.00038,0.00201,0.00051,0.0002,0.00168,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.00082,0.0,0.00257,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,0.00086,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00405,0.00986,0.01668,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00054,0.00346,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0008,0.00747,0.00023,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0015,0.00027,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00103,0.0,0.00325,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00027,9e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00015,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00026,3e-05,0.00026,0.00019,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00481,0.0021,0.00697,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00597,0.00052,0.00188,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,6e-05,0.00121,0.01189,0.00227,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0077,0.00237,0.0022,0.00141,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00486,0.00406,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00035,6e-05,0.00325,0.00256,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,3e-05,0.00024,0.00026,0.00016,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0007,0.00044,0.00038,0.00113,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.0001,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00011,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0099,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00023,0.00013,0.0,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00022,0.00476,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00016,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0003,9e-05,0.00027,2e-05,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,0.00035,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.03363,0.02182,0.01799,0.0181,0.03073,0.03544,0.04901,0.01444,0.04766,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,2e-05,0.00018,0.00018,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00017,0.00049,0.00071,0.00058,0.00017,0.00038,0.00151,0.00049,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.0017,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.00039,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0391,0.00035,0.0,0.0099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00077,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00033,0.00061,0.00025,0.0,0.0004,0.00015,0.00018,0.00012,0.00014,9e-05,0.00116,0.00018,0.00036,0.00025,0.00015,0.00041,1e-05,0.00037,0.00013,2e-05,0.00566,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00025,0.00321,0.00106,7e-05,0.00016,5e-05,8e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00015,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.01073,0.00067,0.00019,7e-05,0.00017,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.00022,0.01001,0.01164,0.00971,0.0,0.0,0.01707,0.02002,0.00661,0.00749,0.00462,0.0108,0.00731,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.00024,0.00737,0.00163,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00022,0.00014,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,3e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.00011,2e-05,0.00037,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00035,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.00035,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00102,0.00759,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.009,0.00334,0.00254,0.01366,0.0,0.0,0.00494,0.00267,0.00453,0.00021,0.00259,0.00041,0.00034,0.00231,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00213,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.00016,4e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00159,0.0,0.00153,0.0,0.00102,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,2e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00012,0.00011,0.00018,0.00026,0.00013,0.00012,1e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.00012,8e-05,0.00011,0.00014,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00041,0.00021,3e-05,5e-05,0.00139,2e-05,0.0037,0.00922,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00051,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00215,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,8e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00038,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00045,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00015,0.00036,0.00081,0.00036,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.0003,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00676,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254828,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00032,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.00027,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0002,0.00017,0.00021,8e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00269,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,0.00035,0.00022,0.00019,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.00022,0.00072,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00039,0.00032,6e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00053,0.0,0.00045,0.00014,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00377,0.00022,0.0,0.00229,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00027,0.00016,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0012,0.05012,0.00023,9e-05,2e-05,0.00036,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00231,0.00363,0.0,0.00182,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00049,1e-05,0.00127,0.49987,0.00032,0.0,0.00195,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00049,0.00058,0.0003,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00166,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00197,0.00098,0.00083,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00023,0.00067,0.00048,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00156,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.00013,0.0,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0003,0.00011,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00119,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00113,0.00102,0.00096,5e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.03122,0.00255,0.00282,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00277,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00626,0.00424,0.00615,0.00596,0.0,0.00814,0.00423,0.01379,0.00611,0.03796,0.03399,0.03258,0.00548,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0346,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.00011,2e-05,6e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00023,0.0003,0.00031,8e-05,0.00042,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00225,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00043,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00036,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00055,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00017,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00113,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00169,0.0002,0.0,0.0001,0.00115,2e-05,0.00287,0.1033,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00223,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00018,0.00015,0.00018,0.00013,0.00011,0.0,0.00015,0.00023,0.00016,0.00013,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00016,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00018,0.0001,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00023,0.00014,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00022,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00037,0.00019,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254829,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00621,0.0923,0.00051,0.00148,0.00286,0.00554,0.00283,0.00038,0.00045,0.00065,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00196,0.43855,0.00079,0.00065,0.01707,0.00532,0.00212,0.00357,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00108,0.0,0.00178,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00707,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,0.00051,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,4e-05,0.00027,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00017,0.00018,0.00098,0.0,0.00028,0.00031,0.00031,0.00409,0.00026,0.00024,0.00031,0.00021,0.00014,0.00021,7e-05,0.00036,3e-05,0.00015,0.0003,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00037,0.0001,0.0001,0.00011,0.00019,0.00017,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00177,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00043,0.00022,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00019,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00143,0.00104,0.00769,0.00076,0.00119,0.00071,0.0017,0.01335,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0002,7e-05,8e-05,0.0003,0.00015,8e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.02469,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00726,2e-05,0.00068,0.00013,0.00106,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0009,0.00205,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00111,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.01601,0.00297,0.00239,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00012,9e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00045,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00036,1e-05,0.00025,2e-05,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00056,0.00023,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00135,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.06258,0.00014,0.00018,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00093,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.05102,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00103,5e-05,0.00014,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00247,0.0015,0.00102,0.00456,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00051,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00119,0.0005,0.0001,9e-05,0.00012,0.00585,0.00024,5e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.00016,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00151,1e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00044,6e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00496,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.00035,3e-05,1e-05,0.00032,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.00026,0.00027,0.00014,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.08855,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,0.0,6e-05,0.00023,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00048,0.0006,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00031,0.00873,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00019,3e-05,3e-05,0.02506,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.00016,0.00013,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254830,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01148,0.00292,0.0,0.00309,0.00179,0.02887,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00225,0.00166,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.01014,0.00028,0.00019,0.0005,0.00052,0.00112,0.00042,0.00011,0.00014,0.00031,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.03966,0.00024,0.00018,0.00529,0.00179,0.00058,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0004,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,0.0004,9e-05,0.00017,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0004,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,9e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.00011,0.00054,9e-05,0.00017,0.00015,0.00048,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0003,0.00016,0.00023,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00016,9e-05,5e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00148,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00014,0.00014,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.00024,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00195,0.01844,0.00359,0.04686,0.00442,0.00426,0.01776,0.00444,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,7e-05,0.00042,0.00139,0.00036,0.00016,9e-05,0.00098,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00027,0.00215,0.0,0.00037,0.00037,0.00049,0.00249,0.00021,0.00032,0.00043,0.00042,0.0002,0.00037,9e-05,0.00021,5e-05,0.00019,0.0006,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00027,0.0004,0.00025,0.00011,0.00208,0.00045,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00089,0.00099,0.00063,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00274,0.00091,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0003,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00194,0.0,0.00016,0.00021,0.00015,0.0,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00086,7e-05,0.00029,0.0007,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,0.00336,0.00263,0.06315,0.00151,0.00048,0.00045,0.00029,0.05552,0.00039,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00013,0.0002,0.00017,0.00075,0.00012,0.00017,0.00059,0.0,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.00299,5e-05,0.00021,0.00186,0.00029,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0003,0.00128,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00052,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00053,0.02973,0.00021,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00059,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00022,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00158,0.00075,0.00163,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.03051,0.00437,0.0011,2e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00139,0.00057,0.0008,0.00067,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00053,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00131,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00393,0.06052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00117,0.00077,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00072,0.00044,0.00026,0.00166,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00287,9e-05,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00268,0.00052,0.00105,0.00183,0.00204,0.00229,0.00118,0.0007,0.00333,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.0002,0.00018,5e-05,7e-05,0.00027,0.0002,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00021,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.12854,5e-05,0.0,0.00115,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00154,0.00012,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.03737,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00018,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00031,7e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00026,1e-05,0.0003,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00019,0.00012,0.00045,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.15736,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00023,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00018,0.00129,0.00038,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00043,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0002,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00044,0.00045,0.0003,0.00132,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00063,0.00024,6e-05,0.00013,4e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.01003,0.00012,0.00622,0.00489,0.00034,8e-05,4e-05,0.00014,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00015,3e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.0003,0.00034,0.00023,0.00031,0.00027,0.00019,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00057,0.00039,0.00031,0.00033,0.00059,6e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.02004,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00013,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00022,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00726,0.0,1e-05,0.00142,9e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254831,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00024,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00012,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.18085,8e-05,0.00183,0.00082,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0007,0.00015,0.00039,0.00102,0.00023,0.00037,0.00039,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00037,0.00095,0.00109,0.00048,8e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.00145,0.00029,0.00046,0.00207,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0008,0.00012,0.0,0.00047,0.00012,0.00015,0.00157,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00197,0.0,0.00045,0.00035,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00041,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,4e-05,0.00011,0.00059,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00379,0.00019,0.00094,0.00908,0.00017,0.00177,0.00175,0.00161,0.00836,0.00131,0.00095,0.00136,0.00247,0.00076,0.00184,0.00017,0.00086,0.0,0.00102,0.00227,0.00208,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00179,0.00096,0.00053,0.00022,0.00651,0.00167,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00054,0.00083,0.00041,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00096,0.00042,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00058,0.00048,0.0011,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00031,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00022,3e-05,2e-05,0.00028,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00116,0.00156,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0009,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00057,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00036,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00105,9e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00086,0.00021,0.00025,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00032,0.00102,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00029,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00545,0.3625,0.00398,0.00154,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00059,0.00039,0.00021,0.00119,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00017,0.00023,0.00033,0.00045,0.00033,0.00027,0.00053,0.00014,0.00017,0.00018,0.00011,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00029,0.00024,0.00011,0.0002,0.00034,0.00029,0.00016,0.00042,0.00011,0.00024,0.00029,0.00029,0.00034,0.0014,0.0,0.0004,0.0001,0.00021,0.00026,0.001,0.00203,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00482,0.00148,0.00174,0.00148,0.0031,0.0681,0.09523,0.00117,0.0053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00028,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.00345,5e-05,0.0,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00054,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.02834,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00028,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00017,3e-05,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,0.00026,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.00021,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00447,0.0001,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.00078,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.04512,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00103,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00049,0.00031,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00032,0.00033,7e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00088,0.00046,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,9e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0001,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.00015,0.00016,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00158,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00017,8e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.01497,0.0,8e-05,0.00065,0.00023,0.00037,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254832,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,3e-05,6e-05,0.00016,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,0.04604,0.01465,0.00363,0.01236,0.01002,0.03139,0.00908,0.00237,0.00332,0.01068,0.0023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.13399,0.13196,0.00573,0.00517,0.05946,0.04879,0.01532,0.0196,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.00247,0.0001,0.00018,0.0001,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.00015,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00194,0.0,0.0011,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00018,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.00011,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00017,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0001,1e-05,0.00027,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.00039,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00037,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00095,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00027,0.00032,0.00032,0.00015,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,7e-05,9e-05,4e-05,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00026,0.00012,0.00018,7e-05,0.00011,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00179,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,0.00019,1e-05,3e-05,0.00014,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00025,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00022,0.00016,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00013,0.00011,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00024,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,0.00024,0.00039,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00011,0.00022,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00056,0.00047,0.00015,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00016,0.00031,2e-05,8e-05,0.00022,0.00011,0.00024,8e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.00015,0.0007,0.00135,0.00042,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00067,0.0011,0.00018,0.00015,2e-05,0.0001,0.00038,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00224,5e-05,0.00033,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,9e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,1e-05,9e-05,7e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,0.00017,0.03478,0.00019,0.00084,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,0.00023,0.0005,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0002,0.00026,0.00011,0.00184,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00141,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00423,0.00022,0.00088,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00089,0.00019,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00173,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,9e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00056,0.00019,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00133,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00017,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00078,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.00017,0.0,0.00027,0.00121,0.00018,0.00036,0.00039,0.00044,0.00077,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00059,4e-05,0.0002,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00226,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,0.00064,0.00155,0.00172,0.00129,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00131,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.0034,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00193,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.00011,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00014,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00019,0.00035,3e-05,0.00014,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00036,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00043,0.00032,0.00021,0.00098,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00014,0.00028,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,7e-05,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,1e-05,0.00076,0.00032,0.0004,0.00035,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.00021,0.00035,0.00021,0.00018,0.00027,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00443,0.0,3e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00014,9e-05,1e-05,0.00258,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.01708,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00019,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.00017,0.00014,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00036,4e-05,2e-05,0.00012,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.01989,0.00012,0.0001,3e-05,0.00018,0.00059,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,9e-05,5e-05,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00055,0.00033,0.00043,8e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00021,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0022,0.00017,0.00031,0.00013,0.00029,0.00104,0.00027,8e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,0.00036,0.0002,0.00013,0.0002,0.00044,0.0003,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,7e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00036,4e-05,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00014,8e-05,9e-05,0.00057,0.00031,0.00045,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.08963,9e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00017,0.00097,6e-05,0.0,0.00036,4e-05,7e-05,0.00016,6e-05,0.00069,0.00479,0.00051,0.00021,0.00014,9e-05,0.00079,5e-05,0.00029,5e-05,0.00101,0.00231,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00021,0.00028,0.00135,0.00371,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,0.00013,9e-05,6e-05,0.00028,0.00016,0.00017,0.00016,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00027,0.00543,0.0002,4e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00018,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,5e-05,0.00015,8e-05,0.00014,0.00017,0.00042,0.0005,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00039,0.00018,0.00024,9e-05,0.00052,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00044,0.00025,9e-05,3e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00023,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00033,6e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0002,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00024,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,0.00024,2e-05,0.00124,0.00172,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00144,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0003,0.00011,7e-05,0.00569,0.00034,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00026,0.00018,0.00024,0.00029,0.0002,0.00018,0.00016,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00036,0.0003,0.00017,0.00024,0.00053,2e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00011,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00076,0.00138,0.0,5e-05,0.00752,0.0001,0.00183,0.00848,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00072,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00035,4e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00097,5e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.00905,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00021,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,3e-05,0.00016,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00199,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00303,0.00014,0.00189,1e-05,0.00126,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00112,0.00052,4e-05,0.00109,0.00036,0.00022,0.00012,0.00013,8e-05,0.00025,0.0005,0.00033,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00011,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00022,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00037,0.00031,0.00034,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00146,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00112,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00049,0.00131,0.00048,0.00183,8e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00046,0.00016,1e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.00091,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00171,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,6e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254833,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00024,0.00021,2e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00023,0.0,0.00024,0.00018,0.00107,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00079,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0004,0.00038,0.00017,0.00035,0.00079,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00033,0.00244,0.00037,0.00018,0.00016,0.00044,0.00413,0.00082,7e-05,6e-05,0.00085,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00163,0.00428,0.00036,7e-05,0.00056,0.00049,0.00022,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00014,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00049,0.00586,0.0001,0.00062,0.00022,0.0,0.00185,0.0,0.00045,0.0005,0.00045,0.00012,8e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.00088,0.0,0.0009,0.00097,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.00015,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.00019,0.00015,0.0001,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00074,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00045,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00036,0.00014,1e-05,0.00014,0.00022,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00046,0.00043,0.00034,0.00032,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,4e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0003,0.0002,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00437,0.0,0.0004,0.00076,0.0,0.00021,9e-05,0.00043,0.00042,7e-05,0.00084,0.00037,0.00059,0.00013,0.00075,0.00089,0.00028,0.00018,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00014,7e-05,0.00017,0.00011,0.00043,2e-05,0.0004,0.00014,0.00017,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00067,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.00017,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.00044,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00045,1e-05,2e-05,0.00024,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00018,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.0042,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,1e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00015,0.0003,0.00022,0.0,0.00116,0.00091,0.00101,0.00074,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00036,0.00018,0.00014,0.00012,0.00015,0.00011,0.00015,0.00011,0.00017,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.00112,0.00043,0.00102,0.00033,0.0003,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,6e-05,0.00016,0.00012,5e-05,2e-05,0.00029,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00537,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.00021,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.00013,0.00037,8e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.00021,0.00025,0.00028,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00011,1e-05,0.00086,0.00063,0.00054,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00107,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0003,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00014,0.0002,0.00048,7e-05,0.00021,0.00021,5e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,0.00025,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.00039,0.00024,0.0003,0.00015,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,6e-05,0.00011,0.00024,0.00013,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00032,0.00022,0.00028,0.00081,0.00045,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,1e-05,0.00039,0.00012,6e-05,0.00016,0.00191,0.00081,0.00051,0.00022,6e-05,0.00012,0.00019,0.0003,0.00051,0.00119,5e-05,0.00026,0.00065,0.00052,0.00064,0.00017,9e-05,0.00051,0.00029,0.00145,0.00226,0.00326,2e-05,0.00017,0.00034,0.00032,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.00029,0.00109,0.00256,0.0006,0.0005,0.00035,0.00032,0.00107,0.00014,0.0003,3e-05,0.00038,0.0039,0.0002,0.00114,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00027,0.00019,7e-05,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00043,2e-05,0.0003,0.0003,0.00013,0.00029,0.00012,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00069,0.00061,0.00049,0.18262,0.00098,0.00463,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00031,0.00081,0.00206,0.00014,0.0001,0.00028,0.00075,0.00194,0.00057,0.00706,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00018,6e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00515,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.00015,6e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00022,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00021,8e-05,0.00107,0.00019,0.00189,2e-05,0.00018,0.00023,0.0001,0.00037,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00024,0.00021,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.00014,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.00028,0.00014,6e-05,0.00113,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.0004,0.0001,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00152,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00033,1e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00013,0.0003,0.00033,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00097,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00271,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0001,2e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00426,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00016,0.00059,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00039,0.00032,0.0003,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00107,0.00424,0.00036,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00019,0.0002,0.00027,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00042,0.00047,0.0,0.00123,0.00361,0.00082,0.00102,0.00157,0.00123,0.00248,8e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00016,0.0,6e-05,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.00234,6e-05,0.00042,0.00037,0.0,0.00018,7e-05,0.00038,7e-05,0.00011,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.00023,0.00087,1e-05,0.00011,0.00026,0.00027,5e-05,6e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0073,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0003,0.00155,0.00796,0.00613,0.00724,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00025,5e-05,9e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00094,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00124,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00014,2e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00034,6e-05,0.00028,0.00028,9e-05,0.00068,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00018,0.00023,0.00044,2e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.00013,0.00061,5e-05,0.00045,0.00031,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00133,0.00028,4e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00175,0.0,0.00024,0.00017,1e-05,0.00037,0.00019,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,0.00356,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00058,0.0,1e-05,0.00097,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.00668,7e-05,0.00021,4e-05,0.0,0.00038,1e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00036,0.00024,0.00019,0.0001,0.00024,0.00063,0.00017,0.00034,8e-05,0.00017,0.00163,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00025,0.00054,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00169,9e-05,6e-05,0.00043,0.0005,0.0004,0.00031,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.00151,0.00092,0.00068,0.00196,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.0001,8e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.00064,0.00119,0.00033,0.00016,0.00011,0.00094,0.00022,0.00049,0.00011,0.00016,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.0024,0.00108,0.00116,0.00108,0.0,0.0002,0.00077,0.00021,0.00133,0.00104,0.0008,0.0006,0.00069,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00052,0.01334,0.00098,1e-05,0.00185,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.00058,0.00035,0.00035,4e-05,0.00868,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00026,0.01767,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00035,0.00044,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00095,0.00041,0.00017,0.00032,4e-05,0.00067,0.00032,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.00023,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00039,9e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.00045,0.00017,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00035,0.00031,9e-05,0.00016,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00038,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0002,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00015,4e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00134,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.08767,0.00059,0.00037,0.00034,0.00164,0.00272,0.00015,0.00015,0.00018,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,0.00035,0.00014,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.00026,0.0002,0.00043,0.00015,0.00017,0.00023,0.00021,0.00189,0.00111,0.00187,0.00017,0.00045,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00031,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,6e-05,0.00048,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00055,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00014,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00011,0.0086,2e-05,0.00019,0.00014,0.00011,0.00038,0.00023,9e-05,0.00096,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00068,0.00088,0.00078,0.00028,0.00043,0.00226,0.00098,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00178,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.0004,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00035,0.00041,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00025,0.00016,0.0003,0.0,0.00014,0.00016,0.00066,0.00012,0.00021,0.0016,0.00045,0.00117,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0021,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00061,0.00048,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0015,0.00033,0.00027,0.00014,2e-05,0.00019,0.0006,0.00285,0.00016,6e-05,0.00053,6e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.01035,0.00095,0.00028,0.00016,0.0001,0.00183,6e-05,0.00067,0.0002,0.0002,0.00054,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.00019,0.00069,0.00025,0.0027,0.00029,0.00015,6e-05,4e-05,0.00034,7e-05,0.00011,0.00023,0.00037,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00014,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,6e-05,0.0002,0.00017,0.00022,0.01685,0.00023,4e-05,0.00013,0.00024,0.0003,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00033,3e-05,0.00048,0.00011,0.00021,0.00067,0.00039,0.00029,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00051,0.00024,0.0004,0.00021,0.00034,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00055,0.0,0.00138,0.00036,0.00024,9e-05,0.0011,0.0,3e-05,0.00064,0.00013,4e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0002,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00737,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00025,0.00013,2e-05,0.00028,0.00026,0.00022,0.00069,0.0,0.00022,7e-05,0.00011,0.00071,0.00032,0.00015,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.00023,0.00046,7e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,0.00082,0.00068,7e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.00065,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00094,0.00011,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00017,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00092,0.00224,3e-05,0.00303,0.00655,0.0,0.00079,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00157,0.0,0.00038,0.00024,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00392,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00078,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00121,7e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00048,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.002,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00105,8e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.00017,0.00021,7e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00029,0.0001,0.00032,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0003,0.00015,0.00018,0.00021,0.00092,0.00079,0.0006,0.00088,0.0009,0.00072,0.00038,0.00019,0.00021,0.00017,0.00097,0.00072,0.00047,0.00061,0.00182,0.00015,0.0002,0.00023,0.00029,0.00064,0.00026,0.0,0.00025,0.00025,0.00011,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.00189,0.00687,2e-05,8e-05,0.0158,0.00022,0.00242,0.01543,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,1e-05,0.00065,0.00107,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00244,4e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.00031,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00114,0.0002,0.00017,0.00057,0.01182,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00078,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00057,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.00047,8e-05,0.00045,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00199,4e-05,1e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.00021,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00975,0.00012,0.00478,0.0,0.00194,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00332,0.0013,4e-05,0.00206,0.00132,0.00083,0.00018,0.0002,0.0002,0.00055,0.00157,0.0011,0.00296,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00019,0.00025,0.00042,0.00015,0.00013,7e-05,0.0002,0.00019,0.00026,9e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.00022,6e-05,0.00021,0.00011,2e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.00019,0.00018,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,0.00039,0.00017,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0002,0.00013,0.00021,0.00019,2e-05,0.00029,4e-05,0.0003,0.00013,0.00021,5e-05,0.00029,0.00012,0.00014,0.00013,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00026,1e-05,0.00031,0.00016,9e-05,0.00016,0.00037,9e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00019,0.00012,0.00048,0.00013,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00033,0.0006,0.0,0.00066,0.0,5e-05,0.00018,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00096,0.00104,0.00137,0.00137,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.00011,0.00013,0.00084,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.00536,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00451,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.00021,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00189,0.00393,0.00116,0.00219,5e-05,0.00019,4e-05,2e-05,0.00026,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.00017,2e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,0.00124,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00026,0.00032,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00066,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0056,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00048,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254834,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,0.00024,0.00046,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00045,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.00028,0.0001,0.00011,0.00054,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00035,0.02469,0.00816,0.00268,0.00999,0.00785,0.02742,0.00832,0.00143,0.00281,0.03601,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.01238,0.31188,0.0043,0.00389,0.0474,0.03608,0.01253,0.01977,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.00074,3e-05,0.00021,5e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00031,0.0003,0.00024,9e-05,7e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00362,0.0,0.0014,0.00068,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00074,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0001,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.00017,6e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00034,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00038,0.00012,1e-05,0.00016,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.00024,0.00016,0.00014,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00189,0.0,0.00015,0.00025,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.00024,0.00016,4e-05,0.00038,0.00013,0.0003,2e-05,0.00045,0.00046,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00043,4e-05,0.0003,0.00013,0.00016,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00025,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00314,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,7e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00017,7e-05,0.0001,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.00015,0.00018,0.00023,0.00024,0.0,0.0004,0.00058,0.0003,0.00033,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.00027,0.0002,8e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00013,6e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00012,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00047,0.00032,0.00082,0.00027,0.00029,0.00088,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,2e-05,0.00013,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00012,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0016,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.00012,0.00019,0.0,0.00023,0.00015,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,6e-05,0.00016,0.0001,3e-05,0.0005,0.00051,0.00037,0.00036,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.00047,7e-05,5e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00169,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00017,5e-05,0.00011,6e-05,1e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,4e-05,0.0003,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00014,0.0,0.00016,0.00011,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00033,5e-05,0.00018,0.00033,0.00028,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00017,0.0008,0.00014,0.00129,0.00045,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.00027,0.00011,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00026,2e-05,0.00013,0.0002,0.0001,0.0001,0.00035,8e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00029,0.00038,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00017,0.00038,9e-05,0.00015,9e-05,9e-05,0.00015,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00084,3e-05,0.00036,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00014,0.00011,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00022,0.0,0.0002,0.00033,0.00019,0.0004,0.00018,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00091,0.00074,0.00044,0.01461,0.00019,0.00052,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0002,0.0006,0.00109,0.00022,5e-05,9e-05,0.0007,0.00062,0.00029,0.00405,0.00013,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00085,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00045,0.00018,0.00072,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00022,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,0.00015,0.00019,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0003,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.00013,0.00074,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00051,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00034,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00046,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00014,7e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00015,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,7e-05,0.00024,0.0002,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00025,0.00022,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00272,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00063,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00054,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.00034,0.00027,0.00033,0.00015,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00035,0.00037,0.0,0.00114,0.00279,0.00062,0.00089,0.00093,0.00092,0.00196,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00036,3e-05,0.0,0.00109,0.0001,0.00076,0.00061,7e-05,0.00045,0.00019,0.00032,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00015,0.00071,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,0.00017,0.00987,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0019,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.00054,0.00266,0.00283,0.00146,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00031,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00061,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00041,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00017,3e-05,2e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.00024,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00016,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.00168,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00212,0.00013,0.00025,7e-05,0.0,0.00031,2e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00038,0.00012,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00055,0.00013,0.0,0.0002,0.00017,0.00033,0.00027,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00016,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00285,0.00225,0.00156,0.00526,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,0.00043,0.00079,0.00031,0.00011,0.00023,0.00052,0.00018,0.00022,0.00015,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.00023,4e-05,0.00109,0.00068,0.00069,0.00064,0.0,0.00011,0.00054,0.0001,0.00064,0.0006,0.00033,0.00034,0.00039,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.00275,1e-05,0.0,0.00118,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0002,0.00044,0.00033,2e-05,0.00562,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.01197,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00017,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00019,6e-05,0.00018,3e-05,0.00049,0.0001,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00017,4e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00025,0.00014,0.00013,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00021,0.0002,4e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00137,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0112,0.0001,6e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0007,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.00024,8e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.00131,0.00094,0.0014,0.00012,0.00033,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00022,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.00028,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00449,0.00015,0.00026,6e-05,0.00016,0.00174,0.00022,9e-05,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0001,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00059,0.00088,0.00069,0.00038,0.0005,0.00128,0.00085,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00022,8e-05,4e-05,0.0003,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00017,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00023,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00011,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.00042,0.00092,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00028,0.0002,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00062,0.0003,0.00016,0.00014,2e-05,0.00012,0.00033,0.00101,0.00024,5e-05,0.0006,5e-05,0.00024,0.00016,6e-05,0.00012,0.00415,0.00046,0.00053,0.00014,0.00012,0.01568,0.00029,0.00049,9e-05,0.0001,0.00194,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00027,0.00044,0.00026,0.00214,0.0001,0.0001,4e-05,0.00017,0.00013,8e-05,6e-05,0.00047,9e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0001,3e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00015,3e-05,0.0003,0.00024,0.00011,0.00785,0.00047,7e-05,0.00021,0.00016,0.0002,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00038,4e-05,0.00024,0.0001,0.00013,0.00046,0.00153,0.00078,0.00045,1e-05,0.0,0.00122,0.00083,0.00035,0.00046,0.00025,0.00044,0.00038,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00051,0.0,0.00093,0.00035,0.00015,1e-05,0.00051,5e-05,2e-05,0.00033,0.00013,7e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00027,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.00016,4e-05,0.00023,0.00025,0.00027,0.00059,0.0,0.00023,1e-05,7e-05,0.0006,0.00019,0.00012,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00017,2e-05,6e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00036,0.00056,6e-05,0.00015,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00016,0.0005,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0007,0.00022,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00039,0.00048,1e-05,0.00025,0.00138,0.0,0.00036,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00019,3e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00047,5e-05,0.00037,0.00025,0.00025,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.00111,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00056,5e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00033,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00054,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,6e-05,0.00023,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00037,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00045,4e-05,0.00017,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,1e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00026,7e-05,0.00028,1e-05,3e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00031,0.00013,9e-05,0.00013,0.00038,0.00038,0.00043,0.00048,0.00047,0.00041,0.00041,8e-05,0.00019,0.0002,0.00061,0.00034,0.00033,0.0005,0.00128,7e-05,0.00023,0.00021,0.00026,0.00023,9e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00034,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,0.00063,1e-05,1e-05,0.00204,8e-05,0.00052,0.00353,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,8e-05,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00044,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00022,0.0038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00063,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00128,6e-05,0.00053,0.0,0.00074,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00014,4e-05,0.00143,0.00024,0.0001,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.0004,0.00024,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,0.00013,0.0002,8e-05,0.00011,2e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00016,4e-05,0.00012,0.00011,4e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.00011,0.00012,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0002,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,0.00022,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00014,6e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0001,0.00015,4e-05,6e-05,0.00017,2e-05,9e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00014,0.00025,0.00012,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0001,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00044,0.00047,0.00047,0.00062,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00017,0.00028,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00162,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00096,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0002,0.00015,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00092,0.00198,0.00063,0.00092,5e-05,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.00013,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00027,0.0025,0.0004,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.00052,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00023,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,7e-05,0.00104,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254835,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00017,0.0,0.00033,0.00014,0.0006,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00142,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00034,0.00024,0.00012,0.00021,0.00087,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.00029,0.00204,0.00055,0.00015,0.00026,0.00247,0.02436,0.00275,4e-05,0.0001,0.00066,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0013,0.00779,0.00065,0.00019,0.00101,0.00094,0.00044,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00022,1e-05,0.00113,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00029,0.00021,0.00314,6e-05,0.00128,0.0003,1e-05,0.00108,0.0,0.00092,0.0009,0.00104,0.00037,0.00023,0.00021,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00288,0.0,0.00367,0.00184,4e-05,0.00038,6e-05,0.0004,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,0.00048,0.00076,0.001,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00029,4e-05,0.00036,0.00019,6e-05,0.00112,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00021,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00061,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00068,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00069,0.00029,8e-05,0.00041,0.0003,0.00029,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.00124,0.00083,0.0003,0.00054,0.00028,0.00014,9e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00031,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.0003,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,0.00144,0.00034,0.0,0.00026,3e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00301,0.0,0.00026,0.00077,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.00053,0.00043,0.0001,0.00059,0.00031,0.00032,5e-05,0.0005,0.00065,0.00015,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00015,1e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.00012,0.0002,0.00029,0.00018,0.00098,9e-05,0.00075,0.00033,0.0002,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00098,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.00027,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0009,1e-05,2e-05,0.00047,5e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00036,8e-05,0.00017,0.00018,8e-05,0.00025,0.00432,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00076,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00028,1e-05,0.00018,5e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00036,0.00029,0.00052,0.00036,0.0,0.00415,0.00417,0.00287,0.00263,0.00241,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,0.00031,0.00031,0.00016,0.00021,0.00021,0.00028,0.00024,0.00025,0.00031,0.00024,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00241,0.00193,0.00124,0.00077,0.0004,0.00052,0.00116,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,0.00013,0.00013,0.00015,6e-05,3e-05,0.0003,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00012,4e-05,9e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.00024,3e-05,0.00092,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00359,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00082,0.0001,0.00038,0.0,0.0004,0.00039,0.00047,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.0006,0.00024,4e-05,0.00137,0.00121,0.00113,0.0013,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00122,0.00274,6e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,0.00015,0.00034,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00016,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0001,6e-05,0.00011,0.01333,0.00014,0.00013,0.00028,0.00056,0.00012,0.00022,0.00011,0.00011,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,0.00067,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00062,0.0,0.0006,0.00026,0.00024,0.00034,0.0,0.00042,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.00012,8e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00022,0.00037,0.00027,0.00119,0.00116,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.00011,0.00016,0.00139,0.00022,0.00043,0.00091,4e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00021,0.0005,0.00211,3e-05,0.00032,0.00051,0.00064,0.00035,0.00054,0.00037,0.00042,0.00076,0.00108,0.00208,0.00072,4e-05,0.00016,0.00041,0.00057,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.00027,0.00087,0.00129,0.00031,0.00036,0.00056,0.0007,0.00082,0.00022,0.00026,4e-05,0.00081,0.00137,0.00022,0.00187,0.00028,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00043,0.00022,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00039,1e-05,0.00019,0.00017,0.00014,0.00032,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00067,0.00064,0.00115,0.07681,0.00085,0.00171,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00102,0.00029,0.00131,0.00208,0.00043,0.0002,0.00029,0.00031,0.00179,0.00097,0.00114,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.00208,0.00026,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00032,0.00022,0.00016,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0008,0.0,0.00032,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.00014,0.00014,0.00029,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.0001,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0004,0.00014,0.00049,5e-05,0.00068,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0002,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,0.00017,0.00052,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00041,0.00027,0.00092,0.00027,0.0,0.00101,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0025,0.00022,6e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0004,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00056,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00028,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00015,2e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00051,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00021,0.00055,0.00043,0.00037,5e-05,8e-05,0.00067,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00052,0.00038,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00275,7e-05,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,0.00018,7e-05,6e-05,0.00093,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00882,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.00019,5e-05,8e-05,0.00096,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00045,0.00111,0.00039,0.00157,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00056,0.00129,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.00016,4e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.00046,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00016,0.00013,0.00025,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0005,0.00035,0.0,0.00031,0.00083,0.00012,0.00022,0.00043,0.00038,0.00058,0.00013,9e-05,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.00132,3e-05,0.0,0.01191,0.0002,0.00038,0.00031,1e-05,0.00025,5e-05,0.00028,0.00016,0.00022,0.0003,0.00037,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.00051,0.00111,1e-05,0.00014,0.00043,0.00058,0.00014,8e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00267,6e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00018,0.00127,0.01095,0.06348,0.01218,4e-05,4e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00025,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00159,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.00333,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00049,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.00035,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00039,2e-05,6e-05,0.00023,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.00043,2e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.00034,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.00024,0.0,4e-05,0.00066,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00135,0.00289,0.00021,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0007,0.00011,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00018,0.00011,0.00022,4e-05,9e-05,0.00026,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00085,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00053,0.00068,0.00063,0.00037,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0002,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.00017,0.0001,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00019,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.00016,0.00134,0.00092,0.00078,0.00225,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00035,0.00024,8e-05,0.00015,0.00024,0.00016,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00036,2e-05,0.0011,0.00049,0.00052,0.00028,0.0002,0.00139,0.00037,0.00078,0.00021,0.00013,3e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00014,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,3e-05,0.00516,0.00273,0.00159,0.00139,0.0,0.00015,0.00118,0.0001,0.00219,0.00242,0.00085,0.00086,0.00118,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00083,0.03203,0.00088,7e-05,0.00267,0.0,0.00015,0.00016,0.00059,0.00119,0.00046,3e-05,0.0044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.01202,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0004,0.00028,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00049,0.00063,0.0003,0.00046,9e-05,0.00097,0.00049,0.00012,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,0.00037,2e-05,0.0,0.00032,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.00045,0.00015,0.00028,0.00033,0.00044,0.00026,0.00046,0.00039,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.00059,0.00051,0.0001,0.00038,0.0004,0.00014,0.0,0.00069,0.00058,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.00015,6e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.00112,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00854,0.0002,0.00011,1e-05,0.00031,0.00102,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00019,0.00039,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0002,0.00013,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00035,0.00021,0.00053,0.00048,0.00063,0.00024,0.0004,0.00043,0.0003,0.00444,0.00341,0.00472,0.00045,0.00073,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00125,0.00038,0.00032,8e-05,0.00012,0.00015,6e-05,8e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00016,0.00089,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00058,6e-05,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,0.0,5e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00029,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00011,9e-05,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.00034,0.00284,0.00015,0.00019,0.00021,0.00015,0.00132,0.00036,0.00019,0.00081,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00071,0.00255,0.00313,0.0024,0.00125,0.00225,0.00896,0.00319,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00023,0.00014,2e-05,0.00074,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.00393,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00043,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00058,0.0007,4e-05,6e-05,0.00018,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00028,8e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.00061,9e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.00028,0.00012,0.0002,5e-05,6e-05,0.00051,0.00072,0.00079,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00133,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00074,0.00063,0.00038,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.00162,0.00115,0.00075,0.00014,2e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.00081,0.00012,1e-05,0.00032,8e-05,0.0003,2e-05,0.00011,0.00018,0.00073,0.00042,0.00019,0.00029,0.00029,0.00053,6e-05,0.00269,0.00015,0.00023,0.00115,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.002,0.00078,0.00334,0.00025,0.00016,4e-05,9e-05,0.00033,0.0001,0.00012,5e-05,4e-05,0.00019,5e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00078,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00021,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,0.00011,0.02162,0.00014,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00165,0.00094,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00063,0.00093,4e-05,0.00062,0.00015,0.00036,0.00203,0.00155,0.00183,0.00171,0.0,0.0,0.00228,0.00312,0.00113,0.00151,0.00074,0.00058,0.00138,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.00013,0.00046,0.0,0.00118,0.00027,8e-05,5e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.0002,0.00018,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,0.00025,0.00013,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00013,0.00103,0.0001,0.00031,1e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.00058,0.00023,8e-05,0.0007,0.00106,0.00087,0.00205,0.0,0.00068,6e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00063,0.00018,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.00075,0.00116,3e-05,0.00018,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00196,8e-05,0.00012,0.00017,2e-05,0.00023,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00036,0.00012,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.00032,0.00138,0.00038,0.00015,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00037,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,1e-05,0.00037,9e-05,0.00034,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00241,0.00479,8e-05,0.00092,0.00251,4e-05,0.00062,0.00045,0.00047,6e-05,0.00044,0.00012,6e-05,8e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00028,0.00117,1e-05,0.00071,0.00067,0.00072,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00028,0.00023,0.0,5e-05,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00551,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00044,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.00085,0.00022,0.00017,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00072,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00112,0.00013,0.00039,0.00012,0.00041,0.0,0.00016,0.00037,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00082,7e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00031,7e-05,0.00027,0.00064,8e-05,0.00028,0.00014,0.00059,0.00013,0.00033,0.00018,0.0002,0.00015,0.00013,0.00019,0.00044,0.00034,0.00044,0.00203,0.00082,0.00084,0.00086,0.00071,0.00103,0.00071,0.00027,0.00024,0.00026,0.00116,0.0007,0.00068,0.00085,0.00121,0.00026,0.0003,0.00044,0.00052,0.00082,0.00029,0.0,0.0005,0.00032,0.00011,7e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00037,8e-05,0.00028,4e-05,9e-05,0.00131,0.00342,2e-05,0.0001,0.00993,0.00034,0.00695,0.00975,1e-05,0.0001,6e-05,4e-05,0.00118,0.00098,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00219,2e-05,0.0004,6e-05,0.00012,5e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00125,0.00054,0.0004,0.00089,0.00659,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.0004,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00028,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.00014,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00098,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00372,9e-05,0.00254,0.0,0.00096,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,0.00053,6e-05,0.00134,0.00095,0.00032,0.00013,0.00013,8e-05,0.00036,0.0006,0.00059,0.00079,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00027,0.00039,0.00035,0.00057,0.00051,0.00029,2e-05,0.00029,0.00044,0.00059,0.00028,0.00028,4e-05,0.00024,8e-05,0.00044,0.00024,0.00024,0.0005,0.00015,0.00029,0.00014,0.00061,0.00032,0.00021,0.00027,1e-05,0.00049,1e-05,0.00028,0.00014,0.0007,0.00029,0.00029,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,0.00039,0.00023,0.00031,0.00046,2e-05,0.00035,4e-05,0.00054,8e-05,0.00033,0.00017,0.00052,0.0003,0.00024,0.00049,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00036,4e-05,0.00048,0.00029,0.00013,0.00033,0.00053,0.0001,0.00039,0.00021,0.00014,0.00026,0.0007,0.00033,0.00029,0.00016,0.0,0.00038,0.00057,0.00086,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0002,0.00033,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00022,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00211,0.00257,0.00269,0.00301,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00036,0.00026,0.00059,0.00025,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00071,0.0,0.00325,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0026,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.00063,0.00043,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00026,9e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00036,0.00096,0.00025,0.00146,6e-05,0.00031,6e-05,7e-05,0.00061,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,0.00046,0.00012,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00017,0.0,0.00068,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0005,0.00051,0.00019,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00076,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.00258,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00083,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00034,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254836,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00023,0.0,0.00024,0.00028,0.0007,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00043,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00019,0.00199,0.00025,9e-05,0.00014,0.0011,0.02314,0.0013,3e-05,9e-05,0.00051,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.00373,0.00052,0.00013,0.00044,0.00069,0.00022,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0006,0.00927,9e-05,0.00054,0.0003,3e-05,0.00188,0.0,0.00029,0.00026,0.00032,0.0001,9e-05,0.00015,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00055,0.0,0.00079,0.00059,3e-05,0.00069,6e-05,0.00056,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,5e-05,0.00059,0.00103,0.00132,0.00016,3e-05,1e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00112,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.00016,0.00028,3e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00022,7e-05,2e-05,0.00013,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00042,0.00024,0.00025,0.0002,0.00012,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00061,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00095,0.0,0.00018,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,8e-05,1e-05,0.00034,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.00018,0.00057,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,2e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,5e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00032,7e-05,0.0002,7e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.00175,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00016,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00023,7e-05,0.00023,7e-05,0.0,0.00155,0.00119,0.00102,0.00073,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00013,0.0001,8e-05,0.0001,0.00011,9e-05,7e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00125,0.00085,0.00078,0.00083,0.00032,0.00025,0.00069,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00029,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00494,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00043,2e-05,0.00057,6e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0002,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,0.00011,0.00016,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00023,7e-05,1e-05,0.00031,0.00037,0.00039,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00048,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00348,4e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.00033,6e-05,0.00011,8e-05,2e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00041,0.00022,0.00069,0.00061,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.00021,9e-05,0.00014,0.00152,7e-05,0.00062,0.0002,3e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00034,0.00024,0.00024,0.0001,0.00019,0.00033,0.0002,0.00043,0.00016,0.00017,0.00032,0.00041,0.00086,0.00207,0.00606,1e-05,0.00018,0.00023,0.00033,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.00029,0.00152,0.00232,0.00061,0.00046,0.00026,0.00021,0.0012,0.00015,0.00019,5e-05,0.00092,0.00248,0.00014,0.00066,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00018,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00014,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,7e-05,9e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00019,0.00031,0.34325,0.0015,0.01048,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00015,0.00049,0.00082,8e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.0001,0.00071,0.00034,0.00043,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0016,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0006,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,0.00061,8e-05,0.00076,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00037,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00024,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.00038,0.00011,2e-05,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,0.00014,3e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.00184,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00019,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00012,0.0002,0.0002,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00136,0.00083,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00132,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,3e-05,0.00054,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00329,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00038,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,0.00051,0.00016,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00103,0.00278,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00016,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,0.00025,3e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00018,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00048,2e-05,0.0,0.00653,4e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.00043,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.00022,0.00064,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.00029,0.00019,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01457,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.00175,0.00411,0.0072,0.00287,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00016,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00043,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00214,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00028,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,7e-05,3e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,4e-05,0.00157,0.0002,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00095,0.0,2e-05,0.0011,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00424,8e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00032,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00071,0.00035,0.00015,0.0001,0.00318,0.00024,3e-05,0.00013,2e-05,4e-05,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00029,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0001,6e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.00011,0.00021,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00037,0.00022,0.00014,0.00066,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00036,0.00027,0.00024,2e-05,5e-05,0.00072,0.00016,0.00028,5e-05,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00148,0.00081,0.00047,0.00063,0.0,7e-05,0.00041,7e-05,0.00056,0.00064,0.0003,0.00037,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.02699,6e-05,0.0,0.00082,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.00051,0.00012,3e-05,0.00162,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00022,0.00654,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.00021,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.001,0.00024,0.00015,0.00014,2e-05,0.00043,0.00015,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00022,3e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.00022,0.00011,0.00013,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00015,2e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.06116,0.00136,0.00059,0.00051,0.00181,0.00619,0.00014,0.00021,0.00031,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00026,0.00018,0.00016,0.00011,0.0001,0.00015,0.00013,0.00137,0.00105,0.00168,0.00012,0.00038,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00012,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.00035,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00061,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00714,9e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.00011,0.00064,0.00025,7e-05,0.00072,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00093,0.00104,0.00089,0.00043,0.00072,0.00313,0.00127,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,8e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00146,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00047,1e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0002,0.0001,0.00028,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00032,8e-05,0.00015,0.00062,0.00048,0.00135,3e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00168,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00198,0.00086,0.0005,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.00205,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,0.00018,2e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00077,0.00039,7e-05,0.00015,0.00013,0.00125,1e-05,0.00172,0.00011,5e-05,0.00037,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00136,0.00032,0.00527,0.0001,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.00013,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00039,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.00011,0.01148,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00039,4e-05,0.00112,0.00011,0.00019,0.0004,8e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00021,9e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00035,0.00024,3e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.00012,7e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.00044,2e-05,0.00023,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00028,6e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.00037,0.00021,0.00062,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00044,2e-05,1e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00092,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00048,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00017,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00073,0.00118,2e-05,0.00347,0.00683,0.0,0.00025,0.00017,0.00036,2e-05,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00086,0.0,0.00029,0.00023,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00034,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00012,5e-05,0.00192,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.0002,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00122,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00043,9e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0014,4e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,8e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.00022,0.0001,0.00015,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00011,9e-05,0.00019,0.00072,0.00026,0.0003,0.00025,0.00025,0.0004,0.00017,0.00013,0.0001,9e-05,0.00037,0.00021,0.0002,0.00028,0.00049,4e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0001,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00206,0.00594,3e-05,0.00011,0.01887,0.00018,0.00192,0.01062,2e-05,0.0004,0.0,4e-05,0.00041,0.00079,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00248,5e-05,0.00026,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.0003,0.00015,0.00037,0.00922,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00039,6e-05,0.00088,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.00297,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.00025,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00732,0.00046,0.00635,0.0,0.00224,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00617,0.00098,0.0001,0.00233,0.00286,0.00057,0.0002,0.00017,0.00027,0.00107,0.00138,0.0009,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.00018,0.00019,0.00011,0.00014,5e-05,0.00014,0.00019,0.00022,0.00016,0.00011,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00019,8e-05,0.00012,0.00011,8e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.00019,0.00013,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0002,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,0.00018,4e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.0001,0.00017,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00012,2e-05,7e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.0002,0.00014,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00016,0.00017,0.0,0.00034,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0003,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00076,0.00066,0.00069,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00551,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0046,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00024,0.0001,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.00038,9e-05,0.00313,8e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,0.00013,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.00022,9e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.00215,5e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.00025,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.01162,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00011,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254837,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.03269,0.00798,0.00315,0.01219,0.02454,0.0458,0.01174,0.00145,0.00298,0.01416,0.00134,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.013,0.37513,0.00641,0.0052,0.06546,0.04818,0.01539,0.02124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00424,0.0,0.00731,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00143,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00026,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00015,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00037,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00057,0.00106,0.00083,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,4e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00021,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.00105,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00015,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00016,0.01033,0.00012,0.00012,0.0074,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00043,0.0003,0.00015,0.00113,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00818,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0073,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00198,7e-05,0.00039,0.00013,0.00019,0.00322,0.0045,0.00013,0.00115,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.00011,5e-05,8e-05,0.0005,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00276,0.00042,0.00016,0.00026,6e-05,9e-05,0.00022,0.00083,0.00026,2e-05,0.00046,0.00016,0.00057,0.0001,0.00025,0.00033,0.00143,0.00022,0.00021,0.00061,0.00026,0.00046,4e-05,0.00092,0.00037,0.00031,0.03162,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.00023,0.00056,0.01868,0.01398,0.00039,0.00023,9e-05,0.00015,0.00034,0.00021,0.00017,8e-05,6e-05,0.00029,2e-05,0.00018,9e-05,0.00019,4e-05,0.00019,2e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.00021,0.00016,0.0,0.00035,0.00017,0.00061,0.08201,0.00038,0.00015,0.0001,0.00011,0.00016,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00033,0.00021,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00041,0.00018,0.0002,9e-05,0.00019,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00151,0.00018,3e-05,3e-05,0.00178,6e-05,0.00572,0.00618,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00216,2e-05,0.00079,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00125,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00615,1e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254838,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,9e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,0.00055,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.02207,0.00089,0.00079,0.00104,0.00239,0.02102,0.00261,0.00056,0.00042,0.08364,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00559,0.11191,0.00163,0.00046,0.01034,0.00483,0.00142,0.00242,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.00227,1e-05,0.00026,0.0001,1e-05,0.00096,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00145,2e-05,0.00254,0.00016,2e-05,0.00033,6e-05,0.00035,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.00037,0.00064,0.00072,6e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00013,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00025,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.00014,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01042,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00013,3e-05,2e-05,0.00021,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0011,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00047,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00075,0.00074,0.0007,0.00045,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00086,0.00059,0.00032,0.00024,0.00019,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00024,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00041,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00021,0.00028,0.00024,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00093,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00018,9e-05,0.00019,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.01776,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00185,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00158,2e-05,6e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,4e-05,0.00025,0.00042,5e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00026,3e-05,0.0003,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00041,7e-05,0.00012,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.00016,9e-05,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00019,6e-05,4e-05,0.0002,7e-05,0.00019,0.00056,0.0006,1e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00028,0.00099,0.0001,0.00011,4e-05,7e-05,0.00029,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0015,5e-05,0.00026,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00035,0.00049,0.00021,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00041,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00015,0.00024,0.08521,0.00018,0.00315,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.00018,0.0003,3e-05,8e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00027,0.0001,0.00024,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00032,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00031,0.00045,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00081,2e-05,0.0191,0.00137,0.00855,0.00021,0.00076,0.00094,0.0015,0.00151,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.00104,0.00122,0.00032,0.00145,7e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.00313,0.00024,0.01063,0.02459,0.00319,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,0.00041,0.00139,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00131,0.00127,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00015,0.00312,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00017,0.00206,0.01255,0.00247,0.00192,1e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00031,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,1e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00039,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0007,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00023,4e-05,8e-05,0.0002,0.00016,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00307,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,8e-05,0.00024,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00056,0.00019,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00257,4e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00017,0.00107,0.00309,0.00299,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00116,0.00026,0.00029,0.00022,1e-05,0.00016,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00276,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00148,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00393,0.00361,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00307,0.00801,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00041,2e-05,0.00058,0.00038,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00015,5e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,5e-05,0.00012,5e-05,8e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00028,0.00402,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00054,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.00014,9e-05,0.00029,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00028,0.00012,0.0001,4e-05,4e-05,0.0004,3e-05,0.00014,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00029,0.00012,0.00013,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.00017,0.00013,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.01359,7e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00014,7e-05,2e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.009,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.00012,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00023,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0001,3e-05,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.08049,0.00021,3e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00041,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00033,0.00021,0.00043,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00032,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.04975,0.00125,0.00357,0.00201,0.00261,0.01346,0.00301,0.00243,0.04473,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00041,0.00054,0.00034,0.00013,0.00027,0.00106,0.0003,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00048,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00215,5e-05,3e-05,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00011,0.0003,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00116,0.00013,0.00023,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00538,7e-05,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00049,0.00015,6e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00093,5e-05,0.00067,7e-05,6e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00084,0.00016,0.00181,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0001,0.01601,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00014,5e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.00027,0.00018,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00042,0.0002,0.00026,0.00012,0.00113,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00083,0.00023,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00015,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00019,9e-05,0.00021,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00036,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,0.00044,4e-05,0.00093,0.00164,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00511,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00034,0.00039,0.00034,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00024,0.0002,4e-05,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,6e-05,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00012,3e-05,6e-05,0.00026,0.00014,0.00011,0.00018,0.00018,0.00015,0.00018,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00024,9e-05,0.00018,0.00018,0.00021,4e-05,5e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00018,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00075,0.00142,2e-05,8e-05,0.00661,5e-05,0.00212,0.00733,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00033,0.00036,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00097,4e-05,0.00197,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00024,0.00013,0.00013,0.00738,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.00017,0.0001,5e-05,0.0001,0.00064,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,2e-05,4e-05,0.00016,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00145,0.00024,0.00104,1e-05,0.00043,0.00031,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00018,3e-05,0.00052,0.00063,0.0002,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00027,0.0016,0.00052,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0001,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.00025,0.00025,0.0002,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00012,6e-05,0.00113,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.01171,0.00017,2e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00067,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.00042,1e-05,1e-05,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254839,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0032,0.0004,0.00014,0.00086,0.0008,0.00227,0.00087,4e-05,0.00028,0.00042,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.01842,0.00054,0.00086,0.00446,0.00222,0.00079,0.00152,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.0,0.00299,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,8e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00041,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00023,0.00036,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00351,9e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00029,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00014,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00019,0.0002,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00022,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00064,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00099,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,6e-05,0.00029,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.00022,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00014,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00099,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00015,0.00011,0.00116,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00013,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00033,0.00022,0.00093,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00028,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00179,0.00077,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00039,2e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00033,0.00018,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.00011,0.00321,0.00282,0.01634,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00234,0.01007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00018,0.00011,0.00025,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00048,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00123,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00036,0.00031,0.00032,0.00087,0.00012,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00022,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00046,0.0001,0.00018,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00011,0.00012,9e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00425,7e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.00184,0.0201,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00017,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00038,0.00022,0.00033,5e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00192,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00342,0.00013,0.0005,0.0003,0.00029,0.00031,0.00034,0.00015,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00032,0.00034,0.0002,0.00014,0.00023,0.00074,0.00031,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00184,2e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00142,0.00039,0.00043,0.00121,0.0,0.00033,0.00038,0.00056,0.00033,0.0,0.00145,0.00032,0.00043,0.00037,0.00094,0.00176,0.00264,0.00023,0.00036,0.00043,0.00026,0.00163,0.00011,0.00076,0.00136,0.00189,0.00106,0.00192,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00014,0.00049,0.00133,0.00066,0.09955,0.00046,0.00016,4e-05,0.00032,0.00014,0.00018,0.00128,0.00025,0.00014,0.00192,6e-05,0.00032,0.00014,0.00016,0.0001,4e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0001,7e-05,6e-05,0.0003,0.00012,3e-05,0.00125,0.00027,0.00351,0.00542,0.00064,0.00013,0.0002,0.00025,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.08372,0.04035,0.02707,0.0,0.0,0.29434,0.0571,0.01662,0.05228,0.02149,0.02469,0.0256,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00015,0.00029,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,9e-05,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00012,0.00015,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00018,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.0001,0.00019,0.0001,0.00012,0.00022,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.0001,0.00017,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00014,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0002,4e-05,2e-05,0.00077,0.00078,0.00058,0.00325,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00198,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.00284,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00012,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00017,0.00011,0.00024,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00027,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00067,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254840,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00091,4e-05,4e-05,0.00032,0.00014,0.00055,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00097,0.0,9e-05,0.00066,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00011,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00226,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00163,0.00112,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00048,0.00209,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00253,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00331,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00034,0.0,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00025,0.00017,0.0004,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00151,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00063,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.00677,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.94647,0.00031,0.00026,0.00439,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00322,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254841,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00023,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00018,0.00028,0.00213,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.03108,0.0001,3e-05,0.00095,0.00017,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00032,2e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00162,0.00034,0.00017,0.00022,0.00018,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00055,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.01649,8e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00015,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.00268,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0001,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00231,1e-05,6e-05,0.00061,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00131,0.00112,0.00752,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00042,0.00011,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00025,0.00013,0.00015,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00037,0.0,0.00028,7e-05,0.00033,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00038,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00268,0.00179,0.0012,0.00611,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00069,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00012,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00312,0.00034,7e-05,0.00013,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00359,4e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00032,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.00028,0.00013,0.0,0.00047,4e-05,6e-05,0.00018,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.00033,9e-05,0.00058,8e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.86843,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.00015,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00016,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.01276,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254842,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00012,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00315,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.00106,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.00015,0.00012,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.00024,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.0,3e-05,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00022,0.0024,0.0,0.00043,0.00056,0.00037,0.00185,0.00024,0.00036,0.00026,0.00048,8e-05,0.00042,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00029,0.0004,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00021,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00025,0.00018,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00028,0.00038,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00032,6e-05,0.00027,0.00016,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00058,5e-05,0.0024,9e-05,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00142,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00303,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00103,0.00035,0.00027,0.00048,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00139,0.00077,0.0,0.00076,0.0001,0.00075,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00058,0.00023,0.00132,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.23591,0.00031,0.00082,4e-05,0.00026,6e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00043,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00637,0.00401,0.00279,0.01199,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00101,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00555,0.00187,0.00057,0.00046,8e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.01867,0.0004,5e-05,0.00099,0.0002,0.00112,0.0001,0.0004,0.00053,0.00228,0.0004,0.0004,0.00122,0.00092,0.0007,0.0002,0.00379,0.00047,0.00022,0.00047,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0003,0.00035,0.00199,0.00037,0.00313,0.00078,0.00031,0.00018,0.00031,0.00118,0.00117,0.0002,0.00028,9e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00037,2e-05,0.00051,0.00017,0.00016,0.00013,0.0001,1e-05,0.00058,5e-05,0.00048,0.00082,0.0,0.00038,0.00018,0.00024,0.6096,0.00074,0.00024,8e-05,0.00016,0.00036,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00016,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.00029,0.00016,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00209,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0019,0.0,0.0,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.00127,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00035,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00014,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00037,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254843,0.0,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00025,8e-05,8e-05,0.00022,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00029,0.00128,0.00015,0.00011,0.00066,0.00049,0.0014,0.00042,5e-05,0.00015,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.33222,7e-05,6e-05,0.01335,0.00158,0.00033,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.00012,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0112,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00063,0.00011,0.00098,0.00017,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00027,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,9e-05,7e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00078,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00042,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00509,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,8e-05,0.00082,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00309,0.00032,0.00131,0.00253,0.00032,0.00029,0.00024,0.00244,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00459,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00248,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,9e-05,0.00045,0.00368,9e-05,0.00065,0.00084,0.00069,0.00336,0.00056,0.00042,0.00051,0.00076,0.00037,0.00057,0.00014,0.00036,0.0,0.00043,0.00082,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00084,0.0006,0.00029,0.00017,0.00039,0.00078,0.00034,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00043,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00182,0.00229,0.00107,0.00208,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.003,0.00159,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,8e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00035,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00559,0.00448,0.01231,0.00017,0.00062,0.0007,0.00017,0.00299,0.00019,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00161,0.00252,0.00031,0.00023,0.00298,0.00027,0.00011,0.00245,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.00338,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00314,0.00201,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00074,0.00319,0.00042,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.00035,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00453,0.00123,0.00423,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00418,0.00022,0.00205,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00783,0.00217,0.00243,0.00212,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00026,0.00179,0.00077,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00563,0.007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00384,0.00292,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.02,0.00029,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0002,0.00015,0.00011,0.00038,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00023,0.00033,0.00014,0.00035,0.00053,0.00029,0.00048,8e-05,9e-05,0.00026,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0006,0.0004,9e-05,0.00014,0.00036,0.00012,0.00023,8e-05,9e-05,0.00025,0.00024,0.00026,0.00019,0.00173,4e-05,0.00067,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.00063,0.00029,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.06915,0.00178,0.00532,0.00241,0.00332,0.09487,0.01898,0.00292,0.06532,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00023,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00038,0.00066,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.00018,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00342,0.0001,0.0,0.00781,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.00015,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.00759,0.00018,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.00015,0.0001,7e-05,9e-05,0.00055,0.00016,7e-05,0.0077,0.00014,0.00034,4e-05,0.00059,5e-05,0.0001,0.00574,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00024,0.00318,0.00078,0.00013,0.00013,3e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0001,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,0.00458,0.00017,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00043,0.00646,0.00114,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00011,0.00018,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00082,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00037,0.00018,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0012,0.0058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00098,0.00133,0.00075,0.00283,0.0,0.0,0.0011,0.00077,0.00042,0.00011,0.00058,4e-05,2e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00195,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00202,0.00117,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00056,9e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00023,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00171,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00018,0.00068,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00026,0.00024,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.00016,8e-05,0.00027,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.03714,0.0,4e-05,0.00592,0.00029,0.00025,0.0003,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254844,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00019,7e-05,8e-05,0.00013,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.04956,0.01045,0.00387,0.01506,0.01633,0.04706,0.01382,0.00223,0.00429,0.02191,0.00198,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.03234,0.25576,0.01083,0.00638,0.10563,0.06695,0.01657,0.02434,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00027,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,0.00012,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00139,0.0,0.00079,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00098,0.0,0.0002,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00025,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00024,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00094,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00032,0.00021,0.00029,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00019,0.00017,0.00036,7e-05,4e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00117,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,1e-05,0.00037,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00027,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00019,0.00015,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00016,0.00013,0.00015,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00093,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00017,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,6e-05,0.00015,0.00024,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.00018,0.00016,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.0003,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00027,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00017,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00017,0.0002,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00036,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00018,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00027,2e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.00018,0.00015,7e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00021,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,8e-05,0.0002,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00013,0.00015,0.01038,0.00013,0.00025,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.00023,0.00058,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00027,0.00014,0.00019,0.00193,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00039,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00045,0.00021,0.00073,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00022,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00024,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,6e-05,0.00043,0.00417,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00033,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00015,0.00146,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00101,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00091,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00027,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00017,0.00013,0.0001,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00016,0.0,0.00058,0.00161,0.00033,0.00044,0.00059,0.00063,0.0013,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00027,9e-05,0.00047,0.00037,4e-05,0.00024,6e-05,0.00021,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00034,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00025,0.00011,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00098,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.00035,0.00138,0.002,0.00086,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00045,0.00013,0.00011,8e-05,1e-05,0.00021,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00064,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00032,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00027,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.01029,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00152,5e-05,0.00025,0.00022,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00033,0.00059,5e-05,1e-05,0.00075,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00029,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00137,0.00117,0.00074,0.00258,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00015,0.00036,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00019,3e-05,9e-05,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00043,1e-05,0.00049,0.00029,0.00034,0.00027,0.0,2e-05,0.00026,2e-05,0.00037,0.00025,8e-05,0.00011,0.00019,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0011,1e-05,0.0,0.00038,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.00186,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00022,0.00922,1e-05,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00785,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00028,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00053,0.00034,0.0005,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,0.00012,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00314,0.00025,0.00043,0.00034,0.00023,0.00059,0.02109,0.00013,0.01516,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00025,0.00031,0.00027,0.00021,0.00027,0.0005,0.00027,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,8e-05,0.00015,5e-05,3e-05,0.00029,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00043,6e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0001,0.00012,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0007,0.00019,3e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.00016,0.00025,0.00324,0.00015,1e-05,0.00037,0.00014,0.00017,0.00018,0.00021,0.00024,0.00211,0.00043,0.00011,0.00035,0.00014,0.00102,8e-05,0.00035,0.00093,0.00024,0.00179,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.00011,0.00029,0.0003,0.00487,0.00013,0.00031,6e-05,0.00011,0.00011,0.00012,0.00014,4e-05,6e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.00019,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,5e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00017,0.00013,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.00025,0.01054,0.00043,5e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.00022,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.00017,3e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.00091,0.00097,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.00145,0.0017,0.00066,0.00081,0.00036,0.00081,0.00054,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.00031,0.00045,8e-05,1e-05,0.00037,5e-05,1e-05,0.00023,2e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00015,8e-05,0.00021,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,7e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.0002,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00029,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.00047,3e-05,0.00015,0.00045,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00035,0.00011,0.00012,0.00011,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0001,0.00017,0.00015,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00024,7e-05,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00022,8e-05,9e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.00015,0.00014,0.00026,0.00022,0.00024,0.00011,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.00018,7e-05,0.0002,0.00059,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00061,4e-05,3e-05,0.00176,2e-05,0.00038,0.00242,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00046,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00265,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0002,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00012,0.0,0.00019,0.00016,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.00019,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00012,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00015,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.00027,0.00038,0.0004,3e-05,0.00019,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00028,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00057,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0003,0.00112,0.0004,0.00024,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00034,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.00025,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,3e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.00071,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254845,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00014,0.0,0.00037,0.00032,0.00107,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00083,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00044,0.00037,0.00014,0.00019,0.00074,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00048,0.00043,0.00288,0.00083,0.00013,0.00016,0.00074,0.00961,0.00098,0.00013,0.00011,0.00095,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00259,0.00502,0.00064,0.00018,0.00084,0.00055,0.00027,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00024,0.0,0.001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.00055,0.00903,0.00011,0.00058,0.00028,1e-05,0.00136,0.0,0.00074,0.00075,0.00078,0.00015,0.00016,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00242,0.0,0.0019,0.00109,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0002,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00028,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00022,0.0002,7e-05,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00024,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00064,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00043,0.00015,4e-05,0.00024,0.00034,0.00027,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0005,0.00052,0.00031,0.00034,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00017,6e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,0.00012,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00016,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00484,0.0,0.00056,0.00088,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,0.00043,0.00061,8e-05,0.00022,0.00028,0.00063,7e-05,0.0008,0.00016,0.00028,0.00021,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00018,6e-05,0.00022,0.00017,0.00058,7e-05,0.0004,0.00034,0.00023,0.00019,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00018,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,6e-05,0.00028,0.00011,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.00028,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00091,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00013,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00025,0.00012,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0055,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.00012,8e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.00018,0.00013,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.00027,0.00036,0.00035,0.0,0.00163,0.00137,0.00108,0.00138,0.00111,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00045,0.00048,0.00019,0.00023,0.00026,0.0002,0.00021,0.00024,0.00024,0.00033,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.00152,0.00081,0.00109,0.00054,0.00052,0.00126,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,9e-05,0.00016,0.0003,2e-05,6e-05,0.0003,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00618,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00146,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00025,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00012,0.00065,3e-05,0.00012,0.00041,0.00012,0.00039,0.0,0.0003,0.00044,0.00057,0.0,3e-05,0.00026,6e-05,0.0002,8e-05,2e-05,0.00107,0.00093,0.00078,0.00101,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00096,0.00098,2e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0002,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00022,9e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00012,0.00043,0.0006,0.00015,0.00031,0.0003,0.00014,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,0.00011,0.00076,3e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00036,0.0,0.0005,0.0002,0.00035,0.00023,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0008,3e-05,0.00021,0.00049,0.00031,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.00038,0.00028,0.00112,0.00073,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00044,3e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00024,0.00014,0.00017,0.00122,0.00146,0.00036,0.00032,4e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.00022,0.00031,0.00099,7e-05,0.00044,0.00057,0.00033,0.00054,0.00024,0.00014,0.00042,0.00042,0.00139,0.0019,0.00165,0.0,0.00015,0.00039,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,0.00018,0.0008,0.00208,0.0004,0.00054,0.0004,0.00036,0.00115,0.00016,0.00024,2e-05,0.00076,0.0036,0.00013,0.00093,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00035,0.00029,0.00012,0.00016,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.0005,0.0,0.0002,0.00039,0.00018,0.00026,0.00027,0.00019,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00095,0.00076,0.00086,0.11921,0.00064,0.00429,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00051,0.00134,0.00301,0.0004,0.00026,0.00043,0.00138,0.00289,0.00068,0.00947,7e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00487,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00035,0.00022,7e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.00019,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.00012,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00027,0.00014,4e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00022,9e-05,0.001,0.00032,0.00237,5e-05,0.00027,0.00027,0.00014,0.00094,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0003,0.00022,0.00014,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,0.00051,0.0003,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.00033,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.00022,0.00034,0.00013,0.00011,0.0013,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00038,0.00045,0.00014,2e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00035,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.001,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00119,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,9e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00047,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00019,0.00046,0.00042,0.00024,5e-05,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.001,0.00089,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00229,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,7e-05,0.00071,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00511,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00016,0.00064,0.00246,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00046,0.00046,0.00037,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00152,0.00173,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00081,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.00027,0.00025,0.00031,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0006,0.00072,0.0,0.00185,0.00498,0.00079,0.00124,0.00198,0.00148,0.00346,0.00011,0.00012,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.00088,4e-05,0.0,0.00344,8e-05,0.00086,0.00052,2e-05,0.00044,4e-05,0.00048,7e-05,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,0.0004,0.00124,2e-05,0.00011,0.00033,0.00048,0.00019,0.0001,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00488,0.00091,0.00024,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00032,0.00188,0.00617,0.00725,0.00563,5e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00049,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00122,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.00118,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00015,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00068,4e-05,0.00034,7e-05,7e-05,0.00035,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00059,0.00013,0.00034,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.00031,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00027,0.00011,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00142,0.0,0.00058,7e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00049,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.00411,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00045,0.0,1e-05,0.01125,0.00231,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00127,0.00855,8e-05,0.0003,0.00024,0.0,0.0005,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00033,0.00026,0.00013,7e-05,0.00015,0.00067,0.00021,0.00044,3e-05,0.00018,0.00113,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00042,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00015,0.00011,2e-05,0.00033,0.00048,0.00044,0.00031,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,5e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,7e-05,4e-05,0.00264,0.00148,0.0011,0.00417,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,3e-05,0.001,0.00151,0.0006,0.00013,0.00024,0.00135,0.00034,0.00054,0.00017,0.00019,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00038,5e-05,0.00283,0.00148,0.0015,0.00103,0.0,0.00024,0.00095,0.0003,0.00146,0.00122,0.00083,0.00064,0.00079,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00052,0.01585,1e-05,0.0,0.00234,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.00034,0.00063,0.0005,2e-05,0.01058,0.0,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.01618,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00042,0.00038,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00111,0.00039,0.00022,0.00023,4e-05,0.00077,0.00041,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.00065,4e-05,0.0,0.00038,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00039,0.00011,0.00019,0.00022,0.0004,0.00023,0.0002,0.00035,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00045,0.00055,7e-05,0.00029,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00046,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00033,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00013,4e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.03775,0.00039,0.00023,0.00015,0.00065,0.00215,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00049,0.00027,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00026,0.00013,0.00043,0.00019,0.00055,0.0002,0.00029,0.00027,0.00029,0.00288,0.00177,0.00276,0.00031,0.00042,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00034,0.00012,0.00081,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00038,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00013,7e-05,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.00021,0.00784,0.00015,0.00025,0.00011,0.00021,0.00065,0.00062,6e-05,0.00145,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00016,9e-05,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00013,0.0001,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00034,0.001,0.00144,0.00105,0.0003,0.00074,0.00335,0.00115,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00018,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0005,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00038,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.00178,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00021,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00023,1e-05,0.00057,0.00039,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00035,0.00028,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00031,8e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.00023,7e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.00012,0.00078,0.00038,0.00144,6e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00119,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.00019,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.00063,0.00049,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00165,0.00033,0.0004,0.00018,0.00025,0.00032,0.00074,0.00227,0.00028,6e-05,0.00073,0.00025,0.00028,0.00017,0.00016,0.00018,0.01132,0.00283,0.00044,0.0003,0.00019,0.00289,0.00023,0.00074,0.00023,0.00056,0.00056,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00028,0.00108,0.00033,0.00524,0.00013,0.00033,5e-05,0.00012,0.00037,0.00014,0.00019,0.00018,0.00065,9e-05,7e-05,0.00035,0.00018,0.0003,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00023,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00022,0.00014,0.0,0.00089,0.00023,0.00025,0.02017,0.00038,6e-05,0.00028,0.00037,0.00052,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00058,5e-05,0.0008,0.00011,0.00033,0.00093,0.00341,0.00032,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00066,0.00032,0.00037,0.00023,0.00038,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,0.0006,0.0,0.00136,0.00066,0.00032,0.00014,0.00153,0.0,0.00012,0.00059,0.00016,0.00014,0.00055,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.00016,3e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,0.00047,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.00039,0.00023,7e-05,0.00025,0.00044,0.00032,0.00097,0.0,0.00025,5e-05,0.00011,0.00131,0.00039,0.0002,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00032,0.00055,5e-05,3e-05,0.00047,4e-05,3e-05,0.00038,0.00134,0.00135,3e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00016,0.00062,0.00024,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00139,0.00022,9e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00019,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00116,0.00177,6e-05,0.0033,0.00451,0.0,0.00092,4e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00017,2e-05,9e-05,0.00021,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00145,0.0,0.00064,0.0005,0.00037,0.00025,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,0.00412,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00122,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00184,5e-05,8e-05,0.00026,0.00079,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00155,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00021,0.00026,6e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00039,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00128,0.0001,0.00027,0.00011,0.00023,0.0,9e-05,0.00017,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,2e-05,0.00014,0.00024,8e-05,0.00016,0.00013,0.00034,0.0002,0.00035,5e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00012,0.00052,0.00029,0.00024,0.00017,0.00127,0.001,0.00101,0.00117,0.00115,0.00089,0.00069,0.00011,0.00026,0.00035,0.00126,0.00086,0.0005,0.001,0.00269,0.00013,0.00026,0.00032,0.00037,0.0007,0.00018,0.0,0.0005,0.00027,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.00032,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00155,0.0029,5e-05,9e-05,0.01131,0.00022,0.00154,0.01368,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00053,0.00133,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00114,8e-05,0.00096,5e-05,0.00024,5e-05,0.00019,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.00015,0.00032,0.00075,0.01427,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00252,0.00328,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00022,7e-05,0.00052,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00162,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00946,0.00013,0.00509,0.0,0.00242,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0032,0.00118,8e-05,0.00366,0.00146,0.00081,0.00025,0.00034,0.00038,0.00073,0.00164,0.00091,0.00249,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00029,0.00031,0.00036,0.00018,0.00026,8e-05,0.00023,0.00045,0.00027,0.00033,0.00024,3e-05,0.00015,0.00014,0.00027,8e-05,0.00015,0.00031,6e-05,0.00019,0.00015,0.00034,0.00024,0.00015,0.00021,3e-05,0.00042,4e-05,0.00029,9e-05,0.00035,0.00024,0.00014,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.00025,0.00022,0.00028,0.00029,0.0,0.00023,9e-05,0.0003,0.00011,0.00024,7e-05,0.00035,0.00022,0.00018,0.00045,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00029,4e-05,0.00032,0.0003,0.0001,0.00024,0.00032,5e-05,0.00025,0.00018,0.00011,0.00017,0.0006,0.00033,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00026,0.00045,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00048,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00106,0.00114,0.00127,0.0014,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.00024,0.00016,0.00103,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00018,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00048,0.0,0.0056,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00404,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00025,0.00015,9e-05,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00157,0.00374,0.00109,0.00321,9e-05,0.00026,1e-05,2e-05,0.00046,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00112,5e-05,2e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00018,0.0,0.00173,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0004,0.00041,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00065,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,0.00354,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254846,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00018,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.00014,1e-05,4e-05,0.00019,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.02662,0.00413,0.00159,0.0062,0.00577,0.02014,0.00599,0.00079,0.00199,0.00796,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0108,0.57281,0.0026,0.00238,0.04237,0.02496,0.0074,0.01159,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00025,0.00046,5e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,0.00017,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.00024,0.00021,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00012,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00029,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.00017,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00131,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00028,0.00022,0.0003,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,8e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00021,0.00013,0.00028,0.00011,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00023,0.00015,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.00011,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00014,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,0.00017,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,8e-05,0.00016,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00027,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,0.00012,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00023,0.00029,0.00011,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.00039,0.00012,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00018,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00035,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,1e-05,9e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.01928,0.00015,0.00049,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.00018,0.00043,0.0001,2e-05,5e-05,0.00033,0.00025,0.00014,0.00142,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00041,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.00042,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00044,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.00043,0.01517,0.00087,0.0008,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,9e-05,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00151,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00102,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00056,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,9e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,0.00014,0.0,0.00049,0.00145,0.00016,0.00038,0.00054,0.00045,0.00112,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00037,3e-05,0.00042,0.00027,2e-05,0.00016,7e-05,0.00027,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00032,0.00103,0.00098,0.00065,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00016,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00184,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00122,3e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00015,7e-05,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,0.00015,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.00011,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00174,0.00097,0.00068,0.00267,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,8e-05,0.00025,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00024,7e-05,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.00026,0.00015,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,0.00019,0.00019,0.00019,0.00012,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00162,3e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00011,1e-05,0.00202,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00598,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0001,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,7e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00043,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00815,0.00018,8e-05,9e-05,0.00038,0.00054,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00013,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0006,0.00042,0.00042,3e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0018,0.00139,0.0001,0.0001,0.00016,0.00051,0.02581,3e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00038,0.00052,0.00042,0.00012,0.00028,0.00077,0.00046,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,2e-05,4e-05,0.00024,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00015,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,6e-05,0.00036,0.00132,0.00112,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00025,5e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00046,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.00012,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00201,0.00061,0.00015,1e-05,3e-05,0.00055,5e-05,0.00014,5e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00012,0.00138,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00015,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00387,0.00013,1e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00038,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00025,0.00024,0.00014,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00018,9e-05,0.0002,3e-05,0.0002,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.00033,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.00012,0.00026,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,3e-05,0.00023,7e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0002,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00027,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00023,0.00016,2e-05,0.00027,0.00059,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00021,7e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00028,8e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00033,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00012,0.00013,0.00023,0.00021,0.00013,0.00013,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00025,0.00018,0.00011,0.00029,0.00046,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00118,1e-05,0.0,0.00261,2e-05,0.00023,0.00209,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00039,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.00231,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00116,3e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.0013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00018,1e-05,0.00098,0.00025,0.00021,3e-05,0.00013,7e-05,6e-05,0.00056,9e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.00025,0.00049,0.00037,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00064,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.00085,0.00019,0.00085,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00013,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00088,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00083,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254847,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00019,0.0,0.00042,0.00034,0.00105,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0008,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0002,0.00024,0.0002,0.00018,0.00061,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00024,0.00125,0.00056,0.00014,0.00022,0.00116,0.00607,0.00239,9e-05,0.0001,0.00038,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00077,0.00874,0.0004,0.00017,0.0011,0.00079,0.0004,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00016,0.0,0.00046,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00143,0.01143,0.00018,0.00176,0.00111,4e-05,0.03995,0.0,0.001,0.00074,0.00086,0.00026,0.00019,0.00023,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00139,1e-05,0.00149,0.00153,1e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00022,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00022,0.00025,0.00058,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00033,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.00015,0.00022,7e-05,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00059,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00062,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00067,0.00025,4e-05,0.00043,0.00039,0.00035,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.00055,0.00075,0.00038,0.00048,0.00025,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00028,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.00038,8e-05,2e-05,0.00014,2e-05,3e-05,0.00022,0.00178,0.0,0.00026,0.00059,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00027,0.00027,8e-05,0.00033,0.00018,0.00034,0.0,0.00038,0.00035,5e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,3e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.0001,0.0002,0.00027,0.00017,0.00062,0.0001,0.0006,0.00034,0.00018,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00033,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00088,3e-05,1e-05,0.0002,6e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00012,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,9e-05,0.00022,5e-05,0.00023,0.00458,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.00022,4e-05,0.00017,0.00016,0.00016,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00016,6e-05,8e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.00027,0.0004,0.00049,0.0003,0.0,0.00243,0.0026,0.00186,0.00158,0.00118,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0004,0.0003,0.0004,0.00024,0.00018,0.0003,0.00033,0.00023,0.00028,0.00014,0.00027,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00188,0.00084,0.0007,0.00066,0.00047,0.00037,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0002,6e-05,2e-05,0.00033,0.00014,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00023,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00118,0.0,0.00058,1e-05,0.0068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00161,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00438,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00628,5e-05,0.00442,0.00217,0.00634,1e-05,0.0,0.00094,0.00338,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.00054,0.00019,0.00039,0.0,0.00025,0.00031,0.00049,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00051,0.00018,1e-05,0.00126,0.00129,0.00075,0.00084,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00073,0.00111,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00025,0.00038,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00013,0.0002,4e-05,0.00016,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00877,2e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00033,4e-05,0.00019,6e-05,9e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.00038,0.00013,0.00017,0.00013,0.0,0.00036,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0006,5e-05,0.00019,0.0002,0.00017,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00021,0.00024,0.00016,0.00066,0.00106,0.00035,0.0,2e-05,0.00025,3e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.00045,0.00026,0.00019,0.00064,0.00011,0.00013,0.00037,6e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0002,0.00023,0.0026,5e-05,0.00021,0.00026,0.00039,0.00027,0.00035,0.00023,0.00043,0.00044,0.0004,0.00156,0.00077,0.00014,9e-05,0.00044,0.00047,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00015,0.00037,0.00081,0.0003,0.00018,0.00043,0.00052,0.00043,0.00018,0.00026,9e-05,0.00045,0.00142,0.00028,0.00082,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.00046,0.00017,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00039,0.0,0.00016,0.00035,0.00016,0.00024,0.00019,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.00047,0.00082,0.0411,0.00048,0.00131,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,2e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00026,0.00102,0.00135,0.00027,0.00021,0.00017,0.0003,0.0009,0.00077,0.00098,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00198,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00033,0.00017,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00059,0.0,0.0003,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.00024,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00087,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00019,0.00068,9e-05,0.0006,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00026,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00054,0.00015,0.00079,0.0002,4e-05,0.00081,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00133,0.00022,9e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00038,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00029,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,8e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00038,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00021,0.00051,0.00045,0.00026,6e-05,1e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.00828,0.0013,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00438,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00014,9e-05,0.00257,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00798,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00022,0.0003,5e-05,6e-05,0.00036,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00027,0.001,0.00022,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00051,0.00194,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00027,0.00011,0.00021,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00049,0.00034,0.0,0.00029,0.00081,0.00014,0.00026,0.00024,0.00027,0.00053,0.00015,9e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,2e-05,0.00143,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.00096,3e-05,0.0,0.00492,0.00019,0.00046,0.00032,0.0,0.00042,0.0001,0.00026,8e-05,0.00026,0.00023,0.00022,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.00025,0.00042,0.00096,1e-05,0.00015,0.00045,0.00069,0.00011,5e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00226,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0006,0.0063,0.01224,0.00561,5e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.00032,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00123,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.00138,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00029,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00013,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.00031,0.00051,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.00022,0.0,4e-05,0.00097,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.00147,0.00016,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.00071,5e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.03529,0.00202,0.00395,0.00195,5e-05,0.00039,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00049,0.00079,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,9e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00057,0.00055,0.00048,0.00016,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00014,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.00018,0.00013,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.00018,0.0001,0.0017,0.00114,0.00092,0.00325,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00033,0.00014,2e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00014,0.00047,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,1e-05,0.00133,0.00089,0.00068,0.00025,0.00021,0.00158,0.00041,0.00102,0.00017,0.00026,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00011,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00017,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00302,0.00138,0.00112,0.00085,0.0,8e-05,0.00065,9e-05,0.00127,0.00089,0.00049,0.00065,0.0007,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00045,0.01801,0.0002,3e-05,0.0028,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.00039,0.00158,0.00056,4e-05,0.00475,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.00777,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00035,0.00046,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00047,0.00048,0.00033,0.00038,8e-05,0.00091,0.0003,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00025,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,0.00047,9e-05,0.00015,0.00025,0.00051,0.00024,0.00035,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00035,0.00029,5e-05,0.00027,0.0004,0.00011,0.0,0.00049,0.00043,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00013,2e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00109,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.07291,0.00076,0.00023,0.00021,0.00071,0.00257,0.00012,0.00018,0.00181,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.00023,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00029,0.00014,0.00051,0.00039,0.00056,0.00032,0.00031,0.00029,0.00036,0.00362,0.00269,0.00335,0.00021,0.00055,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.00023,0.0001,9e-05,0.0001,8e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00015,0.00073,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00057,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00021,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00016,6e-05,5e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.0002,7e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.005,0.00011,0.00013,0.00016,0.0001,0.00084,0.00021,7e-05,0.00045,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00022,8e-05,4e-05,0.00016,9e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00057,0.00185,0.00265,0.00207,0.00078,0.00174,0.00543,0.00236,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00011,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.00056,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00036,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00017,0.00017,0.0,0.00081,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00011,0.0,0.00358,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0002,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00043,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00016,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00045,0.00011,0.00019,2e-05,0.00023,0.00016,0.00028,0.00037,0.00039,0.00151,0.00118,0.00599,7e-05,0.00038,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00042,0.0004,0.00019,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.00138,0.00055,0.00027,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00179,9e-05,0.0,0.00029,6e-05,0.00036,0.0001,4e-05,5e-05,0.00062,0.0003,9e-05,0.00018,0.00015,0.00072,3e-05,0.00177,0.00018,9e-05,0.00163,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00096,0.00091,0.00166,0.00018,0.00013,2e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.00011,1e-05,6e-05,6e-05,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00029,1e-05,9e-05,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,3e-05,7e-05,0.01853,0.00017,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00162,0.00111,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0006,0.00083,6e-05,0.0064,8e-05,0.00032,0.00118,0.00605,0.00637,0.00521,0.0,0.0,0.00829,0.01115,0.00461,0.00443,0.00256,0.00142,0.00406,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,0.00018,0.00063,0.0,0.00109,0.00041,3e-05,3e-05,0.00039,2e-05,5e-05,0.00057,0.00016,0.00011,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,0.00023,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00051,0.0001,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00054,0.00029,7e-05,0.00039,0.00077,0.00063,0.00179,0.0,0.00057,5e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00029,0.00016,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.00021,0.00073,4e-05,8e-05,0.00012,1e-05,2e-05,0.00048,0.00138,0.00018,0.0001,7e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.00034,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00033,0.00128,0.00045,7e-05,0.0002,0.00011,0.0,0.00025,0.00031,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.00037,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00109,0.00145,0.00015,0.00082,0.00167,1e-05,0.00063,0.00033,0.00055,9e-05,0.00031,9e-05,7e-05,9e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00047,1e-05,0.00077,0.00069,0.00042,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00025,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.00308,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00076,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00053,0.00075,0.00251,0.00111,4e-05,0.00289,5e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00037,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0005,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00074,0.00017,0.00025,0.00013,0.00028,0.0,0.00012,0.00022,0.0,0.00029,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00029,3e-05,1e-05,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00023,5e-05,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.00031,0.00052,0.00021,0.00035,0.00013,0.0001,0.00024,0.00021,0.00029,0.00047,0.00023,0.00032,0.00079,0.00085,0.00114,0.00095,0.00085,0.00097,0.00069,0.00022,0.00027,0.00045,0.00123,0.0008,0.00102,0.00087,0.00177,0.00015,0.00028,0.00024,0.00046,0.00056,0.00033,0.0,0.00048,0.00035,0.00013,0.00011,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,6e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00044,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00054,0.00119,2e-05,3e-05,0.0039,0.00023,0.00156,0.00471,1e-05,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,0.00036,0.00045,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00105,1e-05,0.00019,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00178,0.00042,0.00072,0.00866,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00022,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00026,6e-05,0.00084,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0037,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00233,7e-05,0.00921,0.0,0.00101,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.00031,0.0001,0.00089,0.00104,0.00017,7e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00106,0.00125,0.00033,0.00032,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0003,0.00036,0.00029,0.00036,0.00027,0.00023,3e-05,0.00023,0.00033,0.00048,0.00034,0.00018,3e-05,0.00024,0.0001,0.00035,0.00011,0.00024,0.00021,0.00014,0.00011,0.00017,0.00045,0.00027,9e-05,0.00031,2e-05,0.00043,4e-05,0.00023,6e-05,0.00054,0.00034,0.00034,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,0.00034,0.00024,0.00021,0.00034,1e-05,0.00034,6e-05,0.00042,6e-05,0.00018,6e-05,0.00039,0.00022,0.0002,0.00043,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00023,5e-05,0.00043,0.00033,8e-05,0.00038,0.00046,4e-05,0.00026,0.00018,0.0001,0.00023,0.00057,0.00029,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.00026,0.00042,0.00065,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0001,0.00035,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.01307,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00103,0.00128,0.00144,0.00226,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00019,0.00021,0.00029,0.00015,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00065,0.0,0.00178,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00131,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.00015,0.00039,0.00037,5e-05,9e-05,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,6e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00052,0.00124,0.0003,0.01341,0.0002,0.00018,8e-05,5e-05,0.0005,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00142,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00014,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00011,1e-05,0.00049,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00034,0.00036,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00121,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,4e-05,0.00025,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00048,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254848,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00019,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.00054,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.00015,6e-05,0.00016,0.00056,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.00015,0.00888,0.00051,0.00029,0.0006,0.00305,0.14436,0.00567,0.00014,0.00026,0.00076,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0024,0.00757,0.00081,0.00023,0.00131,0.0028,0.0006,0.00257,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00015,0.00067,4e-05,0.00023,9e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00091,0.00104,0.00091,6e-05,8e-05,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.0,0.00121,0.00076,2e-05,0.00035,5e-05,0.00029,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,0.00032,0.00057,0.00065,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.00027,6e-05,0.00016,0.00027,0.0001,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00045,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00036,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00058,9e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.00019,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,0.00041,0.00062,0.00046,0.00042,0.00021,0.00022,5e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00024,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00027,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00094,0.0,0.00012,0.00018,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.00013,0.00022,4e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.0003,2e-05,0.00023,0.00019,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,5e-05,0.00021,0.00011,0.00044,5e-05,0.00033,0.00024,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00065,0.00026,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,0.02062,4e-05,0.00014,0.00022,0.00018,0.00023,0.00023,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.00033,0.0006,0.00018,3e-05,9e-05,0.00289,0.00019,9e-05,0.00154,0.00103,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00079,0.00012,0.0,0.00034,0.00022,4e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.00016,0.0,6e-05,0.00106,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00256,0.01372,7e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00039,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00281,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0001,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00031,0.00027,0.00032,0.0,0.00064,0.00052,0.0006,0.00043,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00031,0.00031,0.00023,0.0001,0.00019,0.0003,0.00017,0.00019,0.00022,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00035,0.00035,0.00025,0.00026,0.00023,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.00025,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,0.0002,7e-05,0.00058,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00107,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00015,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00041,0.00014,0.0003,0.0,0.00023,0.00025,0.00047,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00037,0.00012,1e-05,0.00072,0.00077,0.00059,0.00064,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00077,3e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,0.0003,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00013,0.00014,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00718,0.00011,6e-05,0.00015,0.0002,4e-05,9e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.00019,9e-05,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00038,4e-05,7e-05,0.00015,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00036,0.00015,0.00074,0.00111,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00034,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00015,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00028,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.00013,9e-05,7e-05,0.00017,0.00013,0.00017,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00028,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.00013,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00033,2e-05,0.00021,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,0.00028,0.00017,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00013,0.0,0.00011,0.00019,9e-05,0.00021,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0006,0.00061,0.00118,0.0142,0.00013,0.00042,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00017,0.0008,0.00138,0.0002,0.00012,0.00018,0.0001,0.0008,0.00053,0.0007,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00062,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00016,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00047,9e-05,0.00033,6e-05,0.00027,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,0.00014,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00025,0.00017,0.00037,0.00013,0.0,0.00042,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00041,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00012,9e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00021,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00014,0.00031,0.00019,0.00018,5e-05,3e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.00125,0.0015,0.00264,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00015,8e-05,0.00148,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00554,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.0002,2e-05,6e-05,0.00023,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00017,0.00055,0.00015,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.001,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00016,6e-05,0.00012,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00031,0.00024,0.0,0.00026,0.00055,0.00024,0.00014,0.00032,0.00034,0.00049,8e-05,8e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00046,1e-05,0.0,0.00172,4e-05,0.00029,0.00019,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.00019,0.00068,3e-05,4e-05,0.00036,0.00023,5e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00097,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00038,0.0044,0.00478,0.00274,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00072,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00054,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.00012,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00031,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.0014,0.00016,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00033,0.00011,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00015,0.00023,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00025,0.00042,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.33384,0.0027,0.00776,0.00481,0.0003,0.00042,0.00038,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00013,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.00103,0.00067,0.00048,0.00183,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00015,0.00014,4e-05,8e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00029,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,0.00118,0.00062,0.00059,0.0002,6e-05,0.00125,0.00033,0.0008,0.0002,0.00028,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00067,1e-05,0.00119,0.00081,0.0004,0.00058,0.0,7e-05,0.00058,6e-05,0.0007,0.00069,0.00039,0.00049,0.00048,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00643,0.00038,9e-05,0.00086,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,0.00021,0.0014,0.00028,1e-05,0.00306,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00467,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00022,0.00018,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00025,0.00024,0.00012,0.0002,5e-05,0.00061,0.00027,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00043,3e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00024,0.00019,0.00014,0.00017,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.00032,0.0,9e-05,0.00025,4e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.0003,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00026,8e-05,0.00028,0.00019,0.00059,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.02234,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00102,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00026,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.00024,0.00014,0.00027,0.00012,0.00015,0.00019,0.0002,0.00206,0.00139,0.00255,0.00014,0.00024,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.00037,0.00022,9e-05,0.00015,0.0001,7e-05,0.0001,0.00041,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,6e-05,0.00045,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00022,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00263,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00068,6e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00095,0.00161,0.00122,0.00038,0.00091,0.00297,0.00136,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00031,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00057,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0019,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00027,0.00024,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00026,0.00011,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00021,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00015,1e-05,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.0006,1e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00036,0.00029,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00116,0.00044,0.00059,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0008,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.00026,6e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0004,6e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00014,0.00032,1e-05,0.00319,0.00019,0.0002,0.001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00274,0.00053,0.00184,9e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00075,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00599,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.00054,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00024,0.0005,6e-05,0.00015,7e-05,0.00024,0.00113,9e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,4e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00018,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00035,0.0,0.00114,0.00014,4e-05,1e-05,0.00033,2e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00014,0.00012,0.00058,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,7e-05,0.00038,7e-05,0.00035,1e-05,0.00014,7e-05,0.00046,0.00011,8e-05,0.00039,0.00049,0.00038,0.00097,0.0,0.00038,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00019,7e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00029,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00129,6e-05,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00091,0.00019,6e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00017,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00054,0.00084,9e-05,0.00019,0.00037,2e-05,0.00041,0.0002,0.00016,2e-05,0.00014,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.00012,0.0003,0.0,0.00034,0.0003,0.00022,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.00115,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00043,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,1e-05,0.00117,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00042,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00049,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0004,0.00016,0.00021,8e-05,0.00026,0.0,9e-05,0.00018,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00236,0.0006,1e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.00014,0.0004,0.00011,0.0003,5e-05,0.00014,0.00013,0.00016,0.00016,0.00028,0.00019,0.00017,0.00134,0.00077,0.00083,0.00069,0.00073,0.00071,0.00064,0.00016,0.00023,0.00028,0.00097,0.00072,0.00065,0.00039,0.00102,0.00017,0.00017,0.00026,0.00041,0.0005,0.00018,0.0,0.00038,0.00023,6e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0002,0.00014,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00073,0.00051,6e-05,4e-05,0.00213,4e-05,0.00171,0.01748,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00017,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.00033,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,3e-05,0.00032,0.00057,0.00487,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00023,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00113,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00077,1e-05,0.00161,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00013,1e-05,0.00028,0.00053,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00043,0.00013,0.00021,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00019,0.00032,0.0002,0.00018,0.00013,4e-05,0.00014,0.00021,0.00029,8e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00023,7e-05,0.00017,9e-05,8e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00011,0.00016,0.00032,0.00018,6e-05,0.0002,3e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.00024,5e-05,0.00027,0.00017,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.00011,0.00012,0.00019,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.00022,5e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.00028,0.00013,0.0001,0.00025,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00025,1e-05,0.00019,0.00021,5e-05,0.00013,0.00032,1e-05,0.00011,0.00011,5e-05,0.00015,0.00021,0.00022,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00018,0.00048,0.0,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,3e-05,2e-05,0.00038,0.0006,0.00079,0.00098,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,0.00018,0.0003,0.00022,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00039,1e-05,0.00117,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00112,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00029,0.00016,3e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00037,0.00088,0.00016,0.00273,3e-05,0.00018,4e-05,2e-05,0.00023,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.00017,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,4e-05,0.0,0.00036,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00025,0.0003,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00041,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254849,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.02219,0.00979,0.00682,0.00566,0.0651,0.02005,0.05769,0.00357,0.00367,0.00991,0.00431,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01794,0.18251,0.00646,0.00685,0.02572,0.0179,0.00878,0.00912,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0003,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00174,0.0,0.00353,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00023,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,0.00012,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00016,5e-05,0.0001,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00067,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00013,0.00012,0.00029,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0002,0.0003,0.0001,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00028,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.01024,6e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.01409,0.00019,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00024,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00073,0.00045,0.00122,3e-05,9e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.00033,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00026,5e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00061,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00078,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0005,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00019,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00036,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00022,6e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.00018,0.00019,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,0.00012,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00041,0.00031,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,3e-05,4e-05,0.00043,0.00368,0.00084,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00124,0.00016,0.00035,0.0003,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00017,2e-05,0.00045,0.00033,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00494,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00035,0.00023,0.00055,0.00042,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00014,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00018,3e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00259,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00139,0.0005,0.02007,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00164,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00019,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00011,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.03491,0.00067,0.00229,0.00114,0.00146,0.00606,0.00273,0.00119,0.03252,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.00017,0.00018,4e-05,0.00011,0.00048,0.00023,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00041,3e-05,8e-05,0.00033,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00119,0.00018,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0002,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00088,0.00012,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00084,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.00016,0.00016,4e-05,7e-05,0.00024,2e-05,0.0003,0.0001,0.0001,0.00143,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00092,0.00134,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.01637,1e-05,0.0001,0.06723,0.00019,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00571,0.00499,0.00314,0.0,0.0,0.01212,0.00586,0.00276,0.01691,0.00225,0.11619,0.0087,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00064,0.00024,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,1e-05,5e-05,0.00024,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00122,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00025,0.00027,0.00022,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00024,9e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00014,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00017,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00037,3e-05,0.0001,0.00622,4e-05,0.00068,0.00457,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00128,3e-05,0.00039,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00232,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00034,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00026,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00053,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,0.00014,0.00012,2e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0003,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.00045,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254850,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,8e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00013,0.00068,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00027,0.00022,0.0001,0.00029,0.00057,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.00035,0.01885,0.00134,0.00067,0.00107,0.00413,0.1455,0.00493,0.00037,0.00048,0.04276,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00455,0.06258,0.00166,0.00057,0.00646,0.00452,0.00133,0.00364,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.00024,1e-05,0.00021,0.00011,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.00044,0.00037,9e-05,8e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00098,2e-05,0.00187,0.00042,0.00013,0.002,0.00018,0.00219,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00067,0.00016,0.00222,0.00287,0.00385,0.00044,0.00013,9e-05,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.00037,2e-05,0.00027,0.00022,7e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00066,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00025,5e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.00014,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00032,0.00028,0.00014,0.00012,0.00014,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00089,0.0,0.00018,0.00041,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00024,0.00024,5e-05,0.00032,0.00021,0.00033,3e-05,0.00044,0.0004,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00021,8e-05,0.00034,4e-05,0.00024,0.00014,0.00018,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.00016,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00175,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00027,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0003,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00028,1e-05,2e-05,0.00072,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.00241,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00023,0.00037,0.00015,0.0,0.00087,0.00051,0.0005,0.0004,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00027,0.00011,0.0003,0.00015,0.00022,0.00013,0.00021,0.00011,0.00019,8e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.00141,0.00044,0.0004,0.00015,0.00013,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00016,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.00027,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00141,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,3e-05,0.00015,0.00015,5e-05,0.00021,8e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.00013,0.00016,0.00023,0.0,3e-05,0.00039,8e-05,0.00021,9e-05,1e-05,0.00055,0.00065,0.00039,0.00049,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00035,0.00041,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00467,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,6e-05,0.0008,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00012,0.0,0.00019,9e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,0.00154,0.00029,0.00274,0.00033,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00016,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00012,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.00015,9e-05,0.00026,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,0.00037,3e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.00014,8e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00019,4e-05,0.00022,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0002,9e-05,0.00013,0.00022,7e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,8e-05,0.00017,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,0.00116,0.00074,0.00136,0.01607,0.00013,0.00034,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00012,0.00048,0.00119,0.00012,8e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.00077,0.00028,0.00053,0.00012,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00039,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0005,0.00011,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00017,0.0,0.00024,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00352,7e-05,0.01002,0.00082,0.00525,2e-05,0.00038,0.00068,0.00086,0.00102,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00038,0.00046,0.00016,0.00069,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00143,8e-05,0.00535,0.01234,0.00159,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,9e-05,0.00077,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.00067,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,0.00011,0.00029,9e-05,0.00015,0.00091,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,0.00121,0.00629,0.00125,0.00082,0.0,0.00118,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,0.00015,0.00017,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00045,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00349,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.00012,4e-05,1e-05,0.00032,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00015,0.00027,0.00011,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00013,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,8e-05,7e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00032,0.00017,0.0,0.0005,0.00193,0.00054,0.00058,0.00048,0.0006,0.00192,4e-05,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,0.00206,9e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.00055,2e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00023,0.00013,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00172,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,0.00035,0.01625,0.04956,0.01579,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00104,0.00013,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,0.00033,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00011,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00044,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00194,0.00182,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.00075,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00085,5e-05,0.00031,0.00019,0.0,0.00022,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00012,2e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00028,0.00029,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.00017,8e-05,0.00019,0.00013,0.00011,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,0.0002,0.00217,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00043,0.00029,0.00022,0.00081,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00013,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,0.00118,0.00072,0.00047,0.00018,0.00025,0.0012,0.0004,0.00053,0.00023,0.00046,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00033,3e-05,0.00098,0.00046,0.00042,0.00047,0.0,1e-05,0.00023,4e-05,0.0005,0.00033,0.00015,0.00032,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00023,0.01444,0.00019,4e-05,0.00051,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.00048,0.00017,1e-05,0.00252,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00684,1e-05,0.00014,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00018,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0002,9e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.00032,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00011,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00015,5e-05,0.00011,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.00022,2e-05,6e-05,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.02286,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.00023,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.00021,2e-05,0.0001,8e-05,0.00018,0.00092,0.0009,0.0009,0.00011,0.00019,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00019,0.00013,4e-05,6e-05,7e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00038,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.00045,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00089,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00073,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.01972,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.02333,0.00045,0.00176,0.00082,0.00121,0.00763,0.00143,0.00096,0.02167,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.001,0.00178,0.00104,0.00042,0.00079,0.00385,0.00101,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,7e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0003,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00071,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.00102,6e-05,1e-05,0.00045,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00015,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00028,0.00023,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00161,0.00067,0.00181,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.00095,0.00019,1e-05,0.00046,0.0001,0.00026,4e-05,0.00013,0.00043,0.00173,0.00015,0.00043,0.00021,0.0002,0.01779,0.00025,0.00243,0.00056,0.00032,0.0004,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0001,0.00017,0.00457,0.00026,0.01014,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.00017,0.00033,5e-05,0.00018,0.00046,8e-05,0.00144,7e-05,0.00014,0.00014,0.00158,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,1e-05,0.00029,0.00019,0.00058,0.01402,0.00025,1e-05,0.0001,0.00015,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00026,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0003,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.00013,0.00052,0.00014,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00023,0.00012,0.00017,0.0001,0.0006,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.00046,0.00041,9e-05,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.00012,0.00013,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,0.00026,0.00011,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,9e-05,0.00045,4e-05,0.00028,3e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00018,0.0001,7e-05,0.00028,0.00025,0.00028,0.00094,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0003,3e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00027,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00216,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00017,8e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0006,0.00011,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00016,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00028,0.00018,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00056,0.00096,8e-05,0.00015,0.00066,1e-05,0.00029,6e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00016,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00016,1e-05,8e-05,0.00048,1e-05,0.00027,0.00023,0.00031,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00509,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00076,0.00023,0.00013,0.00018,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00046,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0003,0.00197,0.00012,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00052,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00065,0.00015,0.00029,0.0001,0.0002,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.01411,8e-05,1e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0002,0.00014,0.0003,8e-05,9e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.00018,0.00022,0.00013,0.00022,0.00062,0.0007,0.00053,0.00073,0.00037,0.00041,0.00035,0.00012,0.00022,0.00017,0.00071,0.0003,0.00031,0.00044,0.00076,8e-05,0.00022,0.00023,0.00031,0.00048,0.00011,0.0,0.00019,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00021,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00095,0.00062,5e-05,5e-05,0.01414,0.00011,0.00344,0.00943,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0004,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00685,6e-05,0.00095,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00033,0.00026,0.00048,0.00684,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0003,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00012,2e-05,0.00028,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00092,0.00033,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00012,7e-05,0.00022,0.00015,0.00013,2e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00024,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0001,6e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00013,0.00021,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,9e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00015,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,6e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00021,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,6e-05,5e-05,0.0002,1e-05,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00017,0.00012,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00018,0.00023,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00046,0.0005,0.00039,0.00055,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.00021,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00099,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00068,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00024,0.00022,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00023,0.0005,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,1e-05,0.00022,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00015,0.00621,0.0001,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,0.00022,0.00011,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,2e-05,0.0006,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0003,6e-05,0.00019,0.00342,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254851,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00144,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00845,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00344,0.00025,0.00177,0.0043,0.00062,0.00034,0.00014,0.00298,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00337,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00314,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,7e-05,0.00036,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00217,0.00228,0.00207,0.00191,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00407,0.00224,0.00152,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00149,0.0012,0.00047,0.0,0.0018,0.0,0.00233,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.00061,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00439,0.00266,0.01124,0.00125,0.00026,0.00049,0.00094,0.00216,0.00011,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.002,0.0,0.0002,0.0002,0.0021,0.00032,9e-05,0.00229,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.00259,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00269,0.01656,0.02719,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00186,0.00152,0.00394,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00123,0.00624,0.00039,0.00091,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00309,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00433,0.00226,0.00375,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0063,0.00056,0.00143,0.0,0.00021,4e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00536,0.00183,0.00306,0.00227,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00267,0.00344,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0046,0.00185,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00117,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00019,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.27763,0.01342,0.03808,0.02278,0.03738,0.02208,0.02232,0.02459,0.20201,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.00264,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00115,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.02426,0.00027,0.0,0.00372,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.00025,0.0,0.00043,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,8e-05,0.00106,4e-05,0.00048,0.00029,9e-05,0.00041,0.0001,5e-05,0.00022,2e-05,0.00021,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,6e-05,7e-05,0.00058,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00021,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.00089,0.00058,4e-05,5e-05,0.00018,0.00021,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00022,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.00773,0.00201,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00144,0.00801,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0046,0.00467,0.00486,0.01175,0.0,0.0,0.00557,0.00271,0.00163,0.00076,0.00196,0.00031,0.00025,0.00177,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00162,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00057,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00143,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00113,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00032,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00149,0.00147,0.00109,0.00016,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00025,0.00087,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00382,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254852,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.07051,1e-05,0.02878,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00026,0.00042,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.00028,0.00023,8e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.00035,0.0,0.00035,0.00011,0.00013,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00015,0.00016,0.00027,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00373,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00192,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00011,0.00016,0.00015,9e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00013,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00017,8e-05,0.0001,0.0002,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00031,4e-05,0.00022,4e-05,7e-05,0.00034,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00025,0.00019,8e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,9e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00036,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,3e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.00103,0.01254,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.00052,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00017,0.00012,0.00013,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00031,0.00035,9e-05,5e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.26971,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00014,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00013,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00211,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0003,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00056,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.00047,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00011,0.00595,0.09455,0.00013,0.00015,0.12427,0.00033,0.00832,0.24603,3e-05,0.00842,7e-05,0.00012,0.00018,0.00097,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00158,8e-05,0.0,0.00243,0.0,6e-05,0.06593,0.00025,0.00022,0.00018,0.00015,0.00064,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00089,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00026,0.0,3e-05,0.0023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00029,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254854,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00014,7e-05,8e-05,0.00037,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.00024,0.00193,0.00042,0.00017,0.00044,0.00049,0.00152,0.00045,0.00016,0.00021,0.00025,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0028,0.03137,0.00038,0.0002,0.00749,0.00255,0.00041,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00029,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00012,0.0001,0.00036,0.00128,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00085,0.00041,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00139,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,8e-05,0.0003,0.00084,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.00058,0.0,0.00016,0.00013,0.00012,0.00062,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00012,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0003,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.00633,0.00022,0.00235,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.00076,0.00033,0.00101,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00128,0.00051,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,7e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00077,0.00094,0.00395,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00277,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00054,1e-05,2e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.00091,3e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00025,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00015,0.00106,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00018,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00497,8e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,5e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00018,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00127,3e-05,0.00023,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00074,0.0003,0.00035,0.00035,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.07321,0.01413,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00086,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,7e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00053,0.00031,0.00027,0.00098,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00076,0.00012,0.00013,0.00011,0.00034,0.00056,0.00032,0.00016,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,2e-05,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0025,0.00023,0.00021,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,0.00148,0.0001,0.0,0.00033,6e-05,0.00036,4e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.00067,9e-05,0.00012,0.0003,0.00019,0.00016,6e-05,0.00129,0.00089,0.00013,0.00027,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,7e-05,0.00042,0.00012,0.00226,0.00021,8e-05,6e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0003,7e-05,4e-05,0.00019,0.00012,4e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00015,8e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.61855,8e-05,2e-05,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00025,0.00014,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00016,0.00012,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00028,0.0007,0.0003,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.0001,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00191,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,0.00014,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,0.0001,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00176,0.12831,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.00094,0.00233,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00042,0.0002,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,0.00023,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00185,0.0,0.0,0.00061,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254855,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01254,0.00018,0.0,0.00027,0.00028,0.0687,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0009,0.00015,0.0001,0.00016,0.00042,0.00075,0.00033,0.00018,6e-05,0.00026,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.04587,9e-05,0.00013,0.00351,0.001,0.00025,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.00025,2e-05,0.00014,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0002,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.04166,0.00208,0.00108,0.00112,0.00102,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0006,0.0,0.00017,0.00027,0.00043,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00043,0.00017,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00046,0.00037,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0004,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.00011,0.00073,0.0,8e-05,0.0002,7e-05,0.00124,0.00015,9e-05,0.00016,9e-05,6e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.00039,2e-05,0.00014,0.0002,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00014,0.00011,0.0002,6e-05,0.00035,0.00016,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00377,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00221,0.00119,0.04572,0.00114,0.00023,0.00028,0.00023,0.05636,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.00021,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.00061,3e-05,6e-05,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00013,0.00097,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0025,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00028,0.00077,8e-05,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00031,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0003,0.00048,0.11454,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0023,3e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0006,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00075,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,0.00376,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00098,0.00058,0.00051,0.00185,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0011,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00228,0.00012,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00165,0.00013,8e-05,7e-05,2e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.38378,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.00042,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00027,9e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.0002,6e-05,3e-05,0.00113,0.0001,4e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00033,0.00017,0.00118,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.11252,0.00013,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.00016,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00054,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00137,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0023,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.01419,0.0,6e-05,0.00024,1e-05,0.00015,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4.0,8.0
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254856,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00024,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.03128,0.00774,0.00245,0.01174,0.01194,0.04828,0.01198,0.00152,0.00303,0.00609,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01145,0.30783,0.02652,0.00502,0.05977,0.04793,0.01448,0.02092,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00038,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0004,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00041,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.00031,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00027,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00025,0.00018,0.0002,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00019,4e-05,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00035,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,2e-05,0.00015,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00013,4e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,2e-05,0.00014,0.00021,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00016,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00016,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.00035,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00017,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00012,3e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00029,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00015,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.00017,0.00022,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00017,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.004,3e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.00016,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00013,5e-05,6e-05,0.00049,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00022,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00027,0.00014,0.00067,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00023,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00039,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00051,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00147,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00014,5e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00032,7e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.00049,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,7e-05,0.00014,0.00013,3e-05,9e-05,0.00014,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0002,7e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00109,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.00079,0.001,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00036,5e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,0.00016,4e-05,0.00015,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00228,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00025,5e-05,0.00037,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00033,0.00025,0.00015,0.00063,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.00023,0.00012,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00018,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00012,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.00937,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00184,7e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00027,0.00021,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00022,0.00017,0.00029,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,8e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00185,0.00176,0.0007,0.00044,0.00088,0.00133,0.17676,0.00035,0.00142,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00021,0.00015,0.00012,0.00013,0.00024,0.00047,0.00021,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,1e-05,4e-05,0.0002,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00102,5e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00144,0.0007,0.00025,0.00033,8e-05,0.0002,0.00043,0.00181,0.00029,8e-05,0.00096,0.00067,0.00039,0.00039,0.0003,0.00022,0.0029,0.0006,0.00062,0.00052,0.00059,0.00159,0.00024,0.00122,0.00053,0.00016,0.00609,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00027,0.00035,0.00067,0.0015,0.00351,0.00044,0.00045,0.00014,0.00024,0.00064,0.00049,0.0001,0.00033,0.00033,8e-05,0.00013,0.00042,6e-05,0.00016,4e-05,0.00054,8e-05,0.00029,5e-05,0.00057,9e-05,0.0006,0.00045,2e-05,0.00038,0.00022,0.0004,0.02228,0.00125,0.00029,0.00015,0.00035,0.00044,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00039,0.00027,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00048,0.00032,0.00039,0.00013,0.00029,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00027,0.00012,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,4e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00012,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00033,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00027,0.00024,0.0002,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.00022,9e-05,0.00015,6e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00013,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00014,2e-05,8e-05,0.0002,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00048,2e-05,0.0,0.00165,2e-05,0.00033,0.00118,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00037,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,8e-05,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.00012,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.00012,0.00014,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00022,0.00045,0.00022,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00017,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00144,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00043,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00022,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254857,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0002,0.0,0.00025,0.00027,0.00102,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00076,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.00048,0.00048,0.00014,0.00028,0.00086,0.00021,0.00019,0.0,0.00057,0.00031,0.00345,0.00042,0.00022,0.00026,0.00065,0.00622,0.0007,9e-05,0.00018,0.00113,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00195,0.00598,0.00057,0.00022,0.00186,0.00091,0.00034,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00024,0.0,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00029,0.00493,0.0001,0.00046,0.00021,4e-05,0.0012,0.0,0.00073,0.00067,0.00059,0.00021,0.00014,0.00021,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00159,0.0,0.00128,0.00095,1e-05,0.00023,3e-05,0.00044,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.00047,0.00049,0.00049,0.00012,7e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00057,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,0.00022,0.00018,9e-05,0.00081,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0002,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0007,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00046,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00054,0.00021,8e-05,0.00027,0.0002,0.00017,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00044,0.00058,0.00034,0.00071,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00015,3e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0003,0.00024,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00472,0.0,0.00032,0.00079,0.0,0.00021,5e-05,0.00059,0.00059,0.00014,0.00013,0.00024,0.00076,0.0001,0.0008,0.00019,0.0003,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,2e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00012,6e-05,0.00034,0.00014,0.00067,0.00012,0.00049,0.00027,0.0002,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.00015,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00014,7e-05,0.00036,0.00018,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00078,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00027,2e-05,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00421,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00117,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00022,8e-05,0.00019,0.00023,2e-05,0.00014,6e-05,0.0001,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,9e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00023,0.00029,0.00039,0.00025,0.0,0.00139,0.00131,0.00101,0.00139,0.00136,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00036,0.00037,0.00017,0.00019,0.00022,0.00018,0.00019,0.00016,0.00021,0.00041,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.00095,0.00054,0.00135,0.0004,0.00044,0.00114,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00114,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,8e-05,0.00021,0.00023,4e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.00019,0.0001,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00016,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00015,6e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00012,3e-05,0.00011,0.00011,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00561,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.00037,8e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.00011,0.00057,4e-05,0.00022,0.00061,9e-05,0.00026,0.0,0.00036,0.00028,0.00046,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.0003,0.00017,0.0,0.00141,0.00089,0.00086,0.00109,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0009,0.0008,7e-05,3e-05,0.00021,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00032,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00018,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,7e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.00015,0.00017,0.00048,0.00016,0.0002,0.0002,0.00014,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00047,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00028,0.0,0.0005,0.00026,0.00033,0.00024,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00074,5e-05,0.00017,0.00041,0.00024,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00024,0.00028,0.00032,0.00098,0.00069,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,7e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.00092,0.00104,0.00028,0.00043,2e-05,0.0001,0.00019,0.00032,0.0004,0.00099,7e-05,0.0002,0.00032,0.00027,0.00042,0.0002,0.00014,0.00042,0.00035,0.00114,0.00171,0.00274,2e-05,0.00013,0.00032,0.00018,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.00016,0.00072,0.00179,0.0003,0.00031,0.00025,0.00034,0.00065,6e-05,0.00025,5e-05,0.00029,0.00242,0.0001,0.0011,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00042,0.00018,8e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00052,3e-05,0.00018,0.00032,0.0002,0.00039,0.00019,0.00022,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00059,0.0007,0.00066,0.17121,0.00105,0.00522,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00033,0.00133,0.00226,0.00038,0.00016,0.00025,0.00137,0.00174,0.00054,0.01007,0.00017,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0001,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.01459,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.00016,6e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00035,0.0,0.00021,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00015,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00014,9e-05,2e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.00017,0.0001,0.00104,0.00019,0.00144,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,0.00023,0.00041,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00017,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.00015,0.00028,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.0003,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00021,0.00013,0.00051,0.00015,0.00018,0.00122,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00047,8e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,3e-05,0.00094,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00135,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.0005,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00013,0.0004,0.00029,0.0002,4e-05,8e-05,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00144,0.00079,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00274,5e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00052,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0038,0.0,5e-05,0.00302,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00015,3e-05,0.00018,0.0007,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00032,0.00045,0.00036,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00146,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00022,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00036,0.00029,0.00039,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00061,0.00058,0.0,0.002,0.00563,0.00129,0.00178,0.00204,0.00191,0.00401,0.00018,8e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.00133,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.00236,9e-05,0.00094,0.00086,0.0,0.00062,0.00013,0.0004,0.00011,0.00037,0.0001,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.00035,0.00116,0.0,0.0001,0.0004,0.00057,0.0002,0.00012,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00572,0.0001,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00062,0.00188,0.00726,0.00979,0.00486,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00048,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00122,0.00011,3e-05,3e-05,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00139,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00015,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00085,6e-05,0.0004,5e-05,5e-05,0.00019,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00055,0.00013,0.00049,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00014,0.00018,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00147,0.0,0.00077,8e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.00055,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,0.00434,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.00055,0.0,2e-05,0.00141,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0014,0.00694,0.00013,0.00023,8e-05,0.0,0.00045,0.00059,0.00128,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00041,0.00067,0.00014,6e-05,0.00015,0.00051,0.00012,0.0005,4e-05,0.00013,0.00101,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00014,0.00078,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00039,7e-05,0.0,0.00038,0.00026,0.00038,0.00031,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00012,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.00227,0.00193,0.0013,0.00321,0.00014,3e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00014,0.00012,5e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00016,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,2e-05,0.00086,0.0013,0.00048,0.00019,0.00018,0.00105,0.00028,0.0005,0.00028,0.00026,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,5e-05,0.00248,0.00137,0.00146,0.00117,0.0,0.00019,0.00102,0.00017,0.00157,0.00082,0.00079,0.00087,0.00079,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00053,0.00843,6e-05,5e-05,0.00258,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00046,0.00052,0.00086,7e-05,0.00828,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.01087,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00036,0.00038,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00094,0.00036,0.00026,0.00031,5e-05,0.00052,0.00025,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.00029,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00031,0.00011,0.00019,0.00024,0.00037,0.00018,0.00017,0.00022,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00033,0.00041,0.0001,0.00017,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00026,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,6e-05,0.00262,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0471,0.00086,0.00028,0.00036,0.0011,0.00568,4e-05,0.00017,0.00012,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0004,0.00025,2e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00034,0.00016,0.00033,0.00019,0.0003,0.0002,0.0003,0.00029,0.00027,0.00265,0.00155,0.00274,0.00026,0.0006,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00102,0.00022,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00013,0.00101,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00029,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,0.00043,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00025,5e-05,6e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00011,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.00018,0.00673,0.00032,0.00014,0.00019,0.00013,0.00074,0.0154,6e-05,0.00115,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00013,0.00011,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,8e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00085,0.00137,0.00106,0.00032,0.00059,0.00256,0.00102,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.00021,1e-05,0.00028,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,5e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00012,3e-05,2e-05,0.00044,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00223,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00049,0.00094,1e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00027,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00045,0.00028,7e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.00024,5e-05,0.00017,9e-05,0.00028,0.00085,0.00057,0.00081,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00113,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00061,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00155,0.00033,0.00026,0.00023,2e-05,0.00013,0.00047,0.00395,0.00013,1e-05,0.00055,9e-05,0.00043,7e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.01176,0.0016,0.00032,0.00017,0.00014,0.00179,0.00019,0.00053,0.00016,0.00042,0.00058,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00088,0.00022,0.00078,0.00028,0.0051,0.00015,0.00031,8e-05,0.00022,0.00034,7e-05,0.00014,0.00015,0.00031,0.00015,6e-05,0.00043,0.00019,0.00015,0.00015,9e-05,5e-05,0.00017,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00018,7e-05,4e-05,0.00104,0.00019,0.00019,0.01107,0.00036,3e-05,0.00014,0.00023,0.0006,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.00051,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00039,0.00043,0.0,0.00092,0.00017,0.00028,0.00095,0.00048,0.00059,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.00079,0.00036,0.0004,0.00033,0.00036,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00011,8e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0006,0.0,0.00176,0.00042,0.00023,0.00018,0.00199,0.0,9e-05,0.0008,0.00015,0.0001,0.00048,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00048,3e-05,0.00018,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,0.00044,0.00018,4e-05,0.00023,0.00047,0.00016,0.00083,0.0,0.0003,3e-05,0.00023,0.00105,0.00029,0.00019,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,0.00026,0.00056,5e-05,3e-05,0.0004,5e-05,3e-05,0.00031,0.00094,0.00107,4e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.00085,0.00026,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00117,0.0002,7e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00018,0.00013,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00047,8e-05,0.00019,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00074,0.00079,4e-05,0.00173,0.00321,0.0,0.00089,9e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00019,0.00024,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0017,0.0,0.00053,0.00041,0.00015,0.0002,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.00312,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00109,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0015,3e-05,9e-05,0.00022,0.00061,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00207,0.00012,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00016,0.00027,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00044,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00102,7e-05,0.00023,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0001,0.00024,2e-05,0.00022,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,0.00068,0.00021,0.00024,5e-05,0.00025,0.00018,0.00046,0.00018,0.00046,0.00012,0.00012,0.0002,0.00015,0.00046,0.00038,0.00017,0.00025,0.00079,0.00101,0.00084,0.00113,0.001,0.0009,0.00082,0.00019,0.00034,0.00022,0.00152,0.00069,0.00058,0.00093,0.00246,0.00023,0.00032,0.00038,0.0005,0.00071,0.00023,0.0,0.00046,0.00029,7e-05,8e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.00019,0.0004,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00125,0.00427,4e-05,5e-05,0.00962,0.00011,0.00129,0.00817,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00073,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.00073,4e-05,0.0009,3e-05,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00081,0.0001,0.00024,0.00062,0.00941,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00076,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00023,7e-05,0.00045,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00151,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00019,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00671,0.00017,0.00357,0.0,0.00139,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00226,0.00111,7e-05,0.00182,0.00186,0.00042,0.00018,0.00015,0.00013,0.00049,0.00117,0.00092,0.00344,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00024,0.00013,0.00027,0.00037,0.00023,0.0002,5e-05,0.00032,0.00027,0.00051,0.00031,0.00017,4e-05,0.00028,5e-05,0.00033,0.00013,0.00016,0.00033,6e-05,0.0002,0.00019,0.00042,0.00018,0.0001,0.00028,0.0,0.00042,3e-05,0.00028,0.00016,0.00043,0.00027,0.00014,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00024,0.00022,0.00023,0.00025,0.0,0.00024,0.0001,0.00025,0.00012,0.00026,6e-05,0.00039,0.00024,0.00031,0.00041,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.00033,0.00018,7e-05,0.00047,0.00032,6e-05,0.00026,0.00022,0.00018,0.00015,0.00048,0.00037,0.0002,8e-05,0.0,0.00038,0.00046,0.00061,0.0,0.00079,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00025,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00116,0.00115,0.00118,0.0017,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,8e-05,0.00011,0.00022,0.00105,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.00501,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00401,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00035,0.00019,0.00011,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00189,0.00485,0.00168,0.00226,5e-05,0.00036,5e-05,6e-05,0.00049,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0007,0.00055,3e-05,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,9e-05,0.0,0.00095,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00025,0.00032,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,2e-05,0.00402,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.0001,0.00025,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00053,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254858,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.00014,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00016,0.0,0.00016,0.00025,0.00083,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00159,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00031,0.00029,7e-05,0.0001,0.00075,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.00023,0.01382,0.00198,0.00089,0.00264,0.00275,0.01333,0.00312,0.00044,0.00089,0.00563,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00385,0.101,0.0016,0.00124,0.0155,0.011,0.00325,0.00491,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00019,0.0,0.00164,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0002,0.00185,0.00016,0.00077,0.00027,6e-05,0.00074,0.0,0.00071,0.00054,0.00061,0.00015,0.00012,0.00011,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00238,0.0,0.00218,0.00128,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.00019,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00017,0.00012,0.00017,0.00023,8e-05,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00025,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00038,0.00015,6e-05,0.00022,0.00024,0.00024,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00057,0.00061,0.00035,0.00025,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,4e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00016,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.00731,0.0,0.00047,0.00099,0.0,0.00019,9e-05,0.00062,0.00056,0.0001,0.00011,0.00034,0.00073,4e-05,0.00083,0.00014,0.00022,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,7e-05,8e-05,0.00023,0.00017,0.00037,7e-05,0.00045,0.00015,0.00025,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00014,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,7e-05,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00018,0.0001,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.00032,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00071,4e-05,4e-05,0.00024,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00013,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00018,5e-05,0.00013,0.00014,5e-05,0.00011,0.00514,0.00032,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00012,0.0002,4e-05,0.00013,0.00017,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00017,0.00038,0.00026,0.0,0.00138,0.00116,0.00136,0.00098,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,0.00029,0.00037,0.00013,0.00023,0.00024,0.00024,0.00016,0.00017,0.00016,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00135,0.00085,0.00049,0.0014,0.00035,0.00036,0.00112,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,5e-05,0.00012,0.00016,3e-05,2e-05,0.00025,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,9e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00011,5e-05,6e-05,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00317,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0001,0.00026,2e-05,0.0001,0.00051,0.00013,0.00021,0.0,0.00021,0.00021,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,0.00013,0.00024,9e-05,2e-05,0.00115,0.00095,0.00077,0.00102,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00091,0.00083,7e-05,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00359,4e-05,7e-05,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00011,0.00023,0.0004,8e-05,0.00029,0.00011,0.00014,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,1e-05,6e-05,0.00063,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00027,0.0,0.00053,0.00025,0.0004,0.00025,0.0,0.00036,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00091,3e-05,0.00021,0.00013,0.00017,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00016,0.00024,0.0002,0.00103,0.00055,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00039,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.00011,4e-05,0.00016,0.00094,0.00114,0.00017,0.00026,2e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.00011,0.00051,0.00146,8e-05,0.00025,0.00048,0.00034,0.00039,0.00021,9e-05,0.00042,0.00035,0.00103,0.00095,0.00072,0.0,9e-05,0.00038,0.00033,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.00015,0.00063,0.00148,0.00034,0.00028,0.00031,0.0002,0.00066,0.00019,0.00024,8e-05,0.00036,0.00237,0.00014,0.00207,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00026,7e-05,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00055,0.0,0.00028,0.00032,0.00017,0.00025,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00118,0.00104,0.00091,0.07542,0.00076,0.00209,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0001,0.0,0.00011,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.00032,0.00109,0.00339,0.00023,0.00018,0.00034,0.00101,0.00192,0.00046,0.00919,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00265,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00029,0.00024,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00037,0.0,0.00016,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0002,0.00011,0.00028,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.00011,4e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00022,6e-05,0.00129,0.00039,0.00462,0.00065,0.0002,0.00019,0.00052,0.01629,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00011,6e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00333,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.00018,0.00055,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00034,0.00186,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.00044,0.00023,9e-05,0.00203,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0002,0.00129,0.00041,7e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00031,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00052,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.0001,0.00068,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00014,0.00051,0.00047,0.0002,9e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00034,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00307,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00049,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00527,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00023,0.00076,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00036,0.0004,0.00048,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00105,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00052,0.00022,0.00022,0.00026,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00044,0.00053,0.0,0.0018,0.00529,0.00131,0.00159,0.00216,0.00182,0.00399,9e-05,5e-05,8e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00013,0.0,7e-05,0.00111,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.00077,1e-05,0.0,0.00259,8e-05,0.00064,0.00046,3e-05,0.0004,5e-05,0.00039,0.00013,0.0002,0.00012,0.00017,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.00015,0.00033,0.00117,3e-05,0.00012,0.00038,0.00052,0.00016,8e-05,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00375,9e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00028,0.0011,0.00932,0.00943,0.01196,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.00022,4e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.00093,0.00022,2e-05,5e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.00143,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00024,3e-05,0.00027,0.00024,0.00012,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00093,2e-05,0.00045,0.00012,7e-05,0.00091,7e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.00032,0.00025,0.00042,8e-05,0.00066,3e-05,0.00013,0.00066,5e-05,0.00069,0.00035,0.00028,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0005,0.0004,7e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00255,0.0,0.00024,7e-05,0.0,0.00057,0.00032,0.00021,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00016,0.0037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0003,1e-05,0.0,0.00133,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,0.00445,6e-05,0.00026,8e-05,0.0,0.00051,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00013,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0002,0.00111,0.00035,0.00047,7e-05,0.00019,0.00155,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00029,0.00115,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00029,3e-05,2e-05,0.00029,0.00022,0.00025,0.00024,0.0,2e-05,0.00031,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00012,7e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00025,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.00015,0.0001,0.00228,0.00162,0.00092,0.00338,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0001,3e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0001,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00056,2e-05,0.00077,0.00145,0.00034,0.00015,0.00011,0.0007,0.00023,0.00049,0.00021,0.00011,5e-05,4e-05,0.00011,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00014,2e-05,2e-05,0.00014,5e-05,0.00284,0.00124,0.00126,0.00113,0.0,0.00027,0.00091,0.00028,0.00156,0.00102,0.00072,0.00071,0.00074,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0006,0.0084,1e-05,8e-05,0.00211,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0006,0.00044,0.0005,0.0,0.01327,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.02794,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00046,0.00034,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.00067,0.00041,0.00017,0.00035,5e-05,0.00074,0.00032,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.00025,6e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00034,0.0001,0.00013,0.00027,0.00045,0.00025,0.00013,0.00029,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.00043,0.00039,7e-05,0.00023,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00042,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00177,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.018,0.00015,0.0001,5e-05,0.00025,0.0009,3e-05,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00048,0.00034,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.0001,0.00045,0.0002,0.00029,0.00014,0.00031,0.00025,0.00039,0.00233,0.00167,0.00273,0.00019,0.00042,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00081,9e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.00065,0.00015,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00037,2e-05,9e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,4e-05,0.00031,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00014,8e-05,6e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00014,6e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.00011,5e-05,0.00018,0.00918,0.00011,0.00034,0.00015,0.00016,0.00131,0.00126,0.00013,0.00213,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00015,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,8e-05,8e-05,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00037,0.00108,0.00193,0.00122,0.00046,0.00089,0.00397,0.00112,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00016,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.00028,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,0.00022,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,9e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00038,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,0.00152,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00028,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00052,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00033,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00036,0.0003,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0003,6e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00025,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0003,0.00025,0.00058,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00177,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00096,0.00082,0.0006,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.00123,0.00039,0.00033,0.00017,2e-05,0.00017,0.00058,0.00125,0.00022,2e-05,0.0004,0.00028,0.00044,9e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.00643,0.00099,0.00026,0.0003,0.00021,0.0013,0.00012,0.00088,0.00038,0.00021,0.00134,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00024,0.00032,0.00143,0.00053,0.00396,0.00013,0.00031,4e-05,0.0001,0.00024,0.00016,8e-05,0.00016,0.00023,0.00012,9e-05,0.00036,0.00014,0.00028,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,5e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00019,0.00014,9e-05,0.00049,0.00016,0.00017,0.00821,0.00033,4e-05,0.00017,0.00039,0.00025,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00043,5e-05,0.00052,0.00011,0.00025,0.00078,0.00038,0.0003,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00057,0.00026,0.00042,9e-05,0.00045,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00055,0.0,0.00104,0.0007,0.00024,0.0001,0.00165,0.0,4e-05,0.00049,0.00016,0.00012,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,0.0002,8e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00048,7e-05,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.00032,0.00034,8e-05,0.00046,0.00039,0.00029,0.00074,0.0,0.00037,6e-05,0.00016,0.00097,0.00031,0.00019,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,3e-05,0.00016,0.0004,3e-05,7e-05,0.00037,4e-05,2e-05,0.0004,0.00084,0.00105,5e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00017,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00051,0.00016,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.001,0.00013,9e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0002,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00018,0.00016,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00054,0.00079,0.0001,0.00187,0.00197,0.0,0.00043,6e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00026,1e-05,0.00014,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.00025,0.00103,0.0,0.00046,0.00036,0.00033,0.00016,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00024,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,0.00143,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00246,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00195,2e-05,6e-05,0.00018,0.00044,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00085,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00018,0.00036,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0004,1e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00131,0.00012,0.00017,6e-05,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0002,2e-05,5e-05,0.00019,5e-05,0.00022,0.00015,0.00035,0.00014,0.0004,8e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.00041,0.00025,0.00022,0.00014,0.00125,0.00096,0.00071,0.00108,0.00085,0.00078,0.00064,0.00014,0.00026,0.00029,0.00136,0.00068,0.00052,0.00103,0.00281,0.00012,0.00024,0.00034,0.00034,0.0007,0.00018,0.0,0.00039,0.00028,7e-05,8e-05,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00023,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00141,0.0033,3e-05,0.0002,0.00912,0.00069,0.00194,0.01271,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.00092,0.00084,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,0.00335,0.00233,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00012,8e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.00022,0.00019,0.00054,0.00576,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00097,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,2e-05,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0001,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00323,8e-05,0.00155,0.0,0.00101,0.00026,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.00045,5e-05,0.00078,0.00057,0.00028,4e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00032,0.00049,0.00046,0.00281,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00016,0.0004,0.00036,0.00028,0.0002,5e-05,0.00016,0.00026,0.00046,0.0002,0.00033,2e-05,0.00026,7e-05,0.00026,0.00015,0.00016,0.00028,0.00012,0.00018,0.00016,0.00045,0.00028,0.0001,0.00016,1e-05,0.00034,1e-05,0.00035,7e-05,0.00043,0.00024,0.00019,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00021,8e-05,0.00032,0.00029,5e-05,0.00027,6e-05,0.00034,0.00014,0.0002,4e-05,0.00024,0.00019,0.00017,0.00041,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00014,2e-05,0.00033,0.00017,0.00024,0.00024,0.00032,5e-05,0.00028,0.00026,6e-05,0.00022,0.00054,0.00026,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00041,0.00059,0.0,0.00068,0.0,7e-05,0.00014,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.00106,0.00165,0.00208,0.00158,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,0.0002,0.00022,0.00093,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00062,0.0,0.00312,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00231,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00011,2e-05,4e-05,0.00026,0.00022,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,8e-05,0.00141,0.0044,0.00158,0.00103,4e-05,0.00033,6e-05,2e-05,0.00028,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00119,0.00027,1e-05,0.00058,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,1e-05,0.0,0.00084,0.0001,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00023,0.00045,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00057,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,0.0,0.00253,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,3e-05,0.00014,0.00037,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00031,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-74.00597,40.71427
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254859,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00024,0.0,0.00033,0.00032,0.00116,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.00099,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.00049,0.00056,0.00016,0.00033,0.0016,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00076,0.00059,0.00427,0.00088,0.00019,0.00063,0.00191,0.02018,0.00211,0.00022,0.00027,0.00053,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0013,0.01829,0.00083,0.00033,0.00354,0.00323,0.00097,0.00135,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00022,0.0,0.00047,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,0.00024,0.0021,0.0001,0.00076,0.00029,3e-05,0.00114,0.0,0.00083,0.00123,0.00104,0.00026,0.00023,0.00023,1e-05,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00779,0.0,0.0072,0.00149,0.0,0.00066,5e-05,0.00091,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,4e-05,0.00059,0.00085,0.00118,0.00011,6e-05,2e-05,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.00047,0.00012,0.00061,0.00069,0.00027,0.00087,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00069,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00071,0.00032,5e-05,0.00044,0.00045,0.00032,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,1e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00078,0.00077,0.00062,0.00041,0.00027,0.00011,1e-05,7e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.00035,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.00099,0.00018,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00232,0.0,0.00034,0.0004,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.00045,0.00048,8e-05,0.00027,0.00023,0.00038,0.0,0.00064,0.00037,0.00021,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,2e-05,0.00057,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00027,0.00021,0.00028,0.00039,0.00032,0.00074,0.00013,0.00072,0.00029,0.00024,0.0002,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00096,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00041,9e-05,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00091,2e-05,2e-05,0.00024,6e-05,5e-05,0.0001,5e-05,5e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00031,4e-05,8e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00031,0.00498,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00065,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00025,7e-05,0.00021,0.00026,4e-05,0.0002,0.00017,0.00014,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00024,0.00021,0.00016,8e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.00047,0.00065,0.00041,0.0,0.00227,0.00264,0.00203,0.00144,0.00147,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00035,0.00046,0.00025,0.00021,0.00022,0.00032,0.00029,0.00024,0.00028,0.00035,7e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00212,0.00165,0.00107,0.00074,0.00055,0.00057,0.00099,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.00023,5e-05,3e-05,0.0005,0.00026,0.00018,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00021,9e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00018,5e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00011,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.00013,4e-05,8e-05,0.00013,7e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00025,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00037,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00144,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,9e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00031,0.00052,0.00027,0.00063,0.0,0.0004,0.00041,0.00077,0.0,7e-05,0.00016,0.00016,0.00062,0.00028,1e-05,0.00163,0.00124,0.00092,0.00123,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00097,0.00146,0.00018,0.0001,0.00097,0.0,1e-05,0.00024,0.00021,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00013,0.0001,3e-05,0.00014,0.00012,0.00011,8e-05,0.01081,0.00021,0.0001,0.0002,0.00026,7e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,5e-05,0.00063,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.00042,0.00027,0.00034,0.00024,0.0,0.00021,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00073,8e-05,0.00022,0.0004,0.00027,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00034,0.00053,0.00048,0.00169,0.0016,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.00049,2e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00013,7e-05,0.00017,0.00066,7e-05,0.00031,0.00033,4e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00016,0.00036,0.00138,3e-05,0.00019,0.00027,0.00033,0.00026,0.00032,0.00012,0.00049,0.0004,0.00046,0.00109,0.00126,3e-05,0.00011,0.00027,0.00044,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.00011,0.00046,0.00096,0.00021,0.0002,0.00042,0.00059,0.00057,0.00016,0.00015,4e-05,0.00047,0.00186,0.00018,0.0014,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00052,0.00031,8e-05,0.00012,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.0003,1e-05,0.00028,0.00051,0.00016,0.00046,0.00027,0.00021,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00067,0.00057,0.00112,0.09322,0.00074,0.00396,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,1e-05,3e-05,0.00025,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.00073,0.00032,0.0008,0.00157,0.00029,0.00016,0.00029,0.00025,0.00113,0.00064,0.00072,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00012,0.00044,3e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00191,0.00017,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00047,0.00031,3e-05,2e-05,0.00019,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00052,0.0,0.00046,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.00018,0.00017,0.00031,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.0001,0.00012,8e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00071,0.00019,0.00184,0.00017,0.00122,3e-05,9e-05,0.00017,4e-05,0.00052,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.00032,0.00022,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.00045,0.00026,0.00092,0.00041,0.00012,0.00134,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00142,0.00016,7e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00043,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00025,2e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.00018,4e-05,0.0001,0.00023,0.00027,8e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.00018,0.0006,0.00052,0.00015,0.00011,2e-05,0.00045,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00033,0.00025,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00015,0.0001,0.00147,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00954,1e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.00027,0.0002,2e-05,8e-05,0.00083,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00029,0.00151,0.00032,0.00189,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00091,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0002,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.00035,5e-05,0.00018,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00029,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00079,0.00031,0.00041,0.00048,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00107,0.00093,0.0,0.00022,0.00061,0.00018,0.00026,0.00023,0.00028,0.00049,0.00017,0.00013,9e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0001,0.00178,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.00109,4e-05,0.0,0.0066,0.00015,0.00106,0.00099,6e-05,0.00062,0.00012,0.00069,0.00022,0.00011,0.00012,0.00018,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00017,0.0006,0.00121,1e-05,0.00012,0.00058,0.00068,0.00027,0.00012,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00228,0.00013,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,0.00035,0.00854,0.02342,0.01622,5e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00011,0.00021,7e-05,7e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0014,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.00171,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00015,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00055,4e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00026,8e-05,0.00022,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00042,3e-05,2e-05,0.00033,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.00038,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,0.00012,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.00037,0.0,5e-05,0.00227,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0012,0.00129,0.00023,0.00016,8e-05,0.0,0.00087,1e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.00015,7e-05,9e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00019,6e-05,0.0001,1e-05,2e-05,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00063,0.00114,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,8e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0006,0.00081,0.00091,0.00041,0.0,2e-05,0.00015,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,9e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00038,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00021,0.00025,0.00024,0.00354,0.00209,0.00244,0.00516,5e-05,9e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00036,0.0,0.00029,0.00026,7e-05,9e-05,0.00016,0.00031,0.00047,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00078,7e-05,0.00125,0.00079,0.00095,0.00024,0.00021,0.00128,0.00041,0.00107,0.0002,0.00041,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00012,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00474,0.00192,0.00118,0.00141,0.0,0.00011,0.00111,0.00016,0.00211,0.00165,0.00093,0.00098,0.00094,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00061,0.02314,0.00116,3e-05,0.00177,0.0,0.00018,0.00015,0.00064,0.00204,0.00071,2e-05,0.00472,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.01002,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00054,0.0005,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.00042,0.00066,0.00039,0.00046,8e-05,0.00124,0.00049,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0003,2e-05,0.0,0.00035,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0007,0.00012,0.0003,0.00024,0.00048,0.00024,0.00044,0.00041,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,9e-05,8e-05,0.00046,0.00045,0.0001,0.00029,0.00051,0.00013,0.0,0.0006,0.00072,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00116,0.00036,8e-05,0.00035,0.00039,0.00105,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.02386,0.00013,3e-05,7e-05,0.00034,0.00089,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00018,0.0012,5e-05,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00036,0.00017,0.00057,0.00028,0.00061,0.00026,0.0002,0.00034,0.00042,0.00415,0.00345,0.00465,0.00045,0.00064,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.00017,0.0001,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.00015,0.00022,0.0,1e-05,0.00059,0.00018,0.00091,0.00018,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00086,0.00019,0.0001,0.00014,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,4e-05,0.00061,2e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00026,0.00011,8e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.00014,3e-05,0.00014,0.0001,2e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00613,0.00024,0.00032,0.00028,0.00034,0.00105,0.00055,0.00021,0.00139,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0001,9e-05,7e-05,0.00013,9e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00017,9e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.00069,0.00233,0.00352,0.00254,0.00096,0.0021,0.01216,0.0032,0.0,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,2e-05,0.00019,0.00024,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00029,3e-05,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00041,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0002,0.00015,3e-05,0.00113,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.00011,0.0,0.00415,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00042,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.00082,2e-05,4e-05,0.00114,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00042,0.00025,0.00042,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00096,0.00057,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0003,6e-05,0.00011,8e-05,8e-05,0.00047,0.00034,0.00066,2e-05,0.00022,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00125,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.00057,0.00031,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00016,1e-05,0.00193,0.00169,0.00163,0.00026,1e-05,0.00013,0.00014,0.00185,0.00019,1e-05,0.00051,5e-05,0.00043,8e-05,0.00031,0.0002,0.00115,0.00337,0.00031,0.00026,0.00031,0.00073,0.00014,0.00306,0.00024,0.00028,0.00077,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00015,0.00015,0.0019,0.00053,0.01068,0.00023,0.00017,3e-05,0.00013,0.00058,0.00021,0.00016,8e-05,8e-05,0.0005,4e-05,0.00014,0.00016,0.00131,0.00011,4e-05,0.0001,8e-05,2e-05,0.00017,2e-05,0.00014,0.00021,4e-05,0.00022,0.00013,0.00044,0.01992,0.00028,5e-05,0.00018,0.00023,0.0003,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,0.0008,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00083,0.00109,4e-05,0.00051,0.00026,0.00063,0.00197,0.00066,0.00086,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.00121,0.00048,0.00069,0.00022,0.00037,0.0004,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00023,9e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.00092,0.0,0.00208,0.00049,0.00011,4e-05,0.00045,2e-05,2e-05,0.00101,0.00036,0.00035,0.0012,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00034,0.00043,0.00013,5e-05,0.00019,4e-05,0.0002,0.00109,0.0001,0.0004,5e-05,0.00017,0.00021,0.00052,0.00033,0.00017,0.0011,0.00219,0.00087,0.0023,0.0,0.00067,1e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.00042,0.0002,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.00031,0.00146,2e-05,0.0001,0.0002,2e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.00182,7e-05,6e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.00013,0.0001,0.00013,0.00068,0.00017,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00041,0.00175,0.00046,0.00017,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00038,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,4e-05,4e-05,0.00045,6e-05,0.00036,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00123,0.00162,0.0002,0.00078,0.00238,0.0,0.00359,0.00052,0.00068,8e-05,0.00032,0.0001,9e-05,0.00013,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.00024,0.0004,1e-05,0.00077,0.00071,0.00069,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00032,0.00021,0.0,5e-05,0.00193,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.00498,9e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00025,0.00041,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00017,0.0016,0.00011,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00106,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00097,0.00021,0.00044,0.00018,0.00042,0.0,0.00026,0.00027,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,2e-05,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00034,5e-05,8e-05,0.00021,4e-05,0.00045,0.00031,0.00068,0.00029,0.00033,0.00015,0.00014,0.00025,0.00016,0.00036,0.00047,0.00042,0.00052,0.00229,0.00096,0.00104,0.00094,0.00095,0.00102,0.00073,0.00017,0.00027,0.00044,0.00115,0.00088,0.00091,0.00089,0.00164,0.00031,0.00044,0.00045,0.0006,0.0008,0.00041,0.0,0.0005,0.00047,9e-05,0.00011,0.00014,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0003,0.00015,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00203,0.00191,3e-05,0.00015,0.00671,0.0002,0.002,0.00486,4e-05,0.00017,2e-05,2e-05,0.00096,0.00061,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.00127,6e-05,0.00026,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00075,0.00041,0.00049,0.0009,0.00894,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00047,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00087,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00018,4e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.00081,2e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,9e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00471,2e-05,0.00178,0.0,0.00059,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00182,0.00059,4e-05,0.00092,0.00053,0.00024,6e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.00023,0.00048,0.00039,0.00099,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00029,0.0003,0.00042,0.00021,0.00032,2e-05,0.00025,0.0004,0.00051,0.00033,0.00034,3e-05,0.00024,0.00013,0.00029,0.00018,0.0002,0.00033,0.00014,0.00022,0.00023,0.00058,0.00034,6e-05,0.00035,4e-05,0.00053,3e-05,0.00036,9e-05,0.00049,0.00034,0.0003,0.0,0.0002,5e-05,0.00034,0.00026,0.00022,0.00051,0.0,0.00035,9e-05,0.0004,0.00014,0.00027,0.00011,0.00041,0.00031,0.00022,0.00036,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.00031,0.00029,6e-05,0.00041,0.00051,5e-05,0.00036,0.00027,0.0002,0.00016,0.00051,0.00038,0.0002,0.0001,0.0,0.00036,0.00032,0.00067,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00018,0.00039,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00024,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.00147,0.00183,0.00208,0.0026,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00054,0.00068,0.00057,0.0017,0.00017,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.00171,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.00146,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00012,4e-05,7e-05,0.0006,0.00057,3e-05,0.00011,0.00015,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00019,9e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0002,0.00063,0.00159,0.00023,0.00105,0.0,0.00039,0.00014,3e-05,0.00069,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00012,9e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00041,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00017,1e-05,0.00104,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00077,0.0006,0.00017,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00092,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00044,3e-05,0.0,0.00186,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00027,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00063,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254860,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00015,0.0,0.00028,0.00031,0.00079,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00013,0.00063,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.00039,0.00039,7e-05,0.00027,0.00089,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00048,0.00024,0.00104,0.00034,0.00011,0.00027,0.00071,0.00761,0.00138,0.00087,8e-05,0.00032,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00104,0.00547,0.00026,0.00015,0.00094,0.00068,0.00023,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00021,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.00013,0.00155,8e-05,0.00033,0.0001,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.00067,0.00074,0.00091,0.00023,0.00029,0.00016,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.07271,0.0,0.02789,0.00125,1e-05,0.00016,9e-05,0.00026,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.00064,0.00037,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,0.00046,0.00028,0.00013,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0003,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00061,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00038,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0007,0.00018,4e-05,0.00049,0.00033,0.0003,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00053,0.00065,0.00032,0.00043,0.00025,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0003,7e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00079,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00015,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00154,0.0,0.00012,0.00036,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.00025,0.00031,9e-05,0.00131,0.00016,0.00042,2e-05,0.0003,0.00165,0.00013,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,3e-05,0.0,0.00081,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.00012,0.00017,0.00022,0.00053,0.00022,0.00106,0.00013,0.00065,0.00038,0.00027,0.00014,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00154,8e-05,0.0,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00039,0.0,3e-05,0.00049,3e-05,4e-05,5e-05,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.00035,0.00011,3e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.00026,0.00364,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00048,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00019,0.00011,0.00015,0.00019,2e-05,0.00014,0.00017,0.00019,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0002,0.00012,0.0002,0.0,0.00071,0.00064,0.00073,0.00078,0.0,0.00208,0.00219,0.00225,0.00136,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0006,0.00059,0.00036,0.00038,0.00051,0.00044,0.00049,0.00037,0.00025,0.00053,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00128,0.00133,0.00199,0.00269,0.00078,0.00061,0.00323,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.00017,0.00012,5e-05,2e-05,0.00048,0.00021,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00015,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,3e-05,0.00014,4e-05,0.00102,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00421,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0001,0.00014,0.00017,0.00022,0.00059,0.00027,0.00049,0.0,0.00045,0.0006,0.00074,0.0,7e-05,0.00022,0.00057,0.00156,0.00116,0.00016,0.00076,0.00085,0.00062,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.00182,6e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00026,0.00047,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00017,0.00478,5e-05,0.00013,7e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00616,9e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.00022,8e-05,5e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00039,0.0,0.00032,0.00016,0.00023,0.00014,0.0,0.00017,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.00013,0.00011,0.00013,9e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00044,0.00066,0.0003,0.00131,0.00137,0.00225,0.0,0.0,0.00024,3e-05,8e-05,0.00011,9e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00076,4e-05,0.00033,0.0002,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.00022,0.00035,3e-05,0.00018,0.00019,0.0003,0.00012,0.00038,0.00013,0.00027,0.00032,0.00051,0.00116,0.00032,0.0,0.00012,0.00025,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,1e-05,0.00014,0.00079,0.00092,0.00015,0.00024,0.00023,0.00036,0.00069,0.00012,0.0001,3e-05,0.00033,0.00051,0.0001,0.00079,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00061,0.00024,4e-05,8e-05,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00025,0.0,0.00017,0.0002,0.0002,0.0004,0.00019,0.00014,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00062,0.00078,0.00157,0.04454,0.00027,0.00061,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00553,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00023,0.00055,0.00102,0.00023,0.00019,0.0001,0.00021,0.00055,0.00051,0.00068,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00014,0.00098,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00095,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00039,0.0004,7e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.00164,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.00028,0.00013,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00044,0.00036,0.00058,7e-05,0.00071,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.00035,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00045,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.00047,0.00043,0.00063,0.00161,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00025,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.00045,0.00027,0.00079,0.00022,2e-05,0.00077,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00081,0.00014,3e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0003,0.00011,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.00026,3e-05,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00013,0.00044,0.00043,0.00026,5e-05,2e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0003,8e-05,0.0001,0.00163,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,4e-05,9e-05,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00668,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00022,0.00038,5e-05,0.00014,0.00067,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00025,0.00086,0.00028,0.00212,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00037,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.00032,3e-05,6e-05,4e-05,0.00067,1e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00027,0.00014,0.00026,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00053,0.0004,0.0,0.00037,0.00076,0.00015,0.00023,0.00054,0.0003,0.00048,0.0001,0.00017,0.00014,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.00015,0.0,4e-05,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00073,9e-05,0.0,0.00402,0.00082,0.00027,0.00033,0.0,0.00026,6e-05,0.00021,0.00013,6e-05,0.00029,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00087,0.00085,0.0005,0.00121,7e-05,0.00016,0.00031,0.0004,0.00011,4e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00455,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00016,0.00147,0.00389,0.0065,0.00364,6e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.00017,0.00016,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00123,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.00111,5e-05,5e-05,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.00022,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.00035,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00013,0.0001,0.00023,1e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,2e-05,0.00051,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.00038,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00025,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,0.00151,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.00307,0.00087,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.00018,0.00012,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00067,4e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00133,0.00086,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00016,0.00018,3e-05,0.00056,0.00068,0.00137,0.00055,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00031,0.00017,0.00022,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00095,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00161,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0002,0.00043,0.00025,0.00139,0.00049,0.00055,0.00215,5e-05,4e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00029,0.00035,9e-05,0.00018,0.00016,0.00029,0.00053,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,6e-05,0.00255,0.00138,0.00135,0.00042,0.00052,0.00528,0.00086,0.00145,0.00043,0.00064,2e-05,0.00012,8e-05,0.0001,0.00013,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.00023,1e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.00224,0.00173,0.00095,0.00084,0.0,0.00023,0.0008,9e-05,0.00119,0.00128,0.00072,0.00043,0.00078,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00051,0.02387,0.00095,9e-05,0.00131,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.00036,0.00146,0.00042,4e-05,0.00374,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.01038,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00038,0.00037,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00073,0.00045,0.00027,0.00028,4e-05,0.00079,0.00037,0.0001,0.00015,0.0,3e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.0005,0.00015,0.00018,0.0002,0.00022,0.00023,0.00033,0.00026,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0004,0.00033,8e-05,0.00019,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.00032,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,6e-05,1e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.02591,9e-05,0.00011,3e-05,6e-05,0.0002,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,9e-05,0.00057,2e-05,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00011,0.0002,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,7e-05,6e-05,0.00039,0.00026,0.0004,0.00033,0.00055,0.00022,0.00026,0.00029,0.00022,0.00318,0.00238,0.00352,0.00027,0.00063,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.00019,0.00022,0.00012,0.00032,0.0001,6e-05,0.0001,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00032,0.0008,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.00038,3e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.00026,0.00024,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.00015,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,6e-05,0.00034,3e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0002,9e-05,9e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00013,9e-05,0.00011,0.00014,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00116,0.0048,0.0001,0.00097,0.00027,0.00027,0.00083,0.00031,0.00013,0.00131,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0002,5e-05,0.00016,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00011,6e-05,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0035,0.01094,0.01023,0.01112,0.00652,0.00923,0.02495,0.01654,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00016,0.00023,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00015,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00141,0.0,0.00022,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00091,0.00148,0.00082,9e-05,0.00109,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00013,0.0,0.00273,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0003,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00046,0.00132,2e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00015,0.00012,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.00046,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.00013,0.00022,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00028,0.00018,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.00152,0.00094,0.00054,0.00019,0.0,6e-05,0.00015,0.00201,0.00017,0.0,0.00053,0.00011,0.00061,9e-05,0.0002,0.00025,0.00093,0.00032,0.00013,0.00035,0.00033,0.00135,2e-05,0.0022,0.00026,0.00023,0.00523,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00019,0.00188,0.00399,0.00897,0.0005,0.00017,1e-05,9e-05,0.00026,0.00011,0.00013,0.00011,7e-05,0.00026,6e-05,0.00014,0.00017,0.00051,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,3e-05,0.00011,2e-05,0.00019,0.00016,2e-05,0.00031,0.00011,0.00048,0.03531,0.00024,6e-05,9e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00135,0.00173,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00053,0.00088,4e-05,0.00035,0.00021,0.00037,0.00134,9e-05,0.00013,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00029,0.00016,0.00014,8e-05,0.00036,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.00059,0.0,0.00166,0.00054,8e-05,5e-05,0.00026,0.0,1e-05,0.00048,0.00041,0.00023,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00028,0.00045,0.00014,8e-05,0.00011,5e-05,9e-05,0.00078,0.00011,0.0003,0.0,4e-05,0.00017,0.00056,0.0003,0.00063,0.00212,0.00315,0.00278,0.00658,0.0,0.00263,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00103,0.00011,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00022,0.00061,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00136,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.00052,0.00012,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.00178,0.00036,0.00016,0.00012,0.00017,0.0,0.00107,0.00144,0.00213,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00032,5e-05,0.00153,6e-05,3e-05,0.00026,0.00024,0.00112,0.00246,0.0006,0.0011,0.00067,0.0,0.00075,0.00061,0.00055,0.00031,0.00184,0.00053,8e-05,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00014,0.00091,0.0,0.00062,0.00064,0.00194,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00025,0.00018,0.0,3e-05,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00248,8e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00033,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00066,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00061,0.00022,0.00053,0.00029,0.00052,0.0,0.00015,0.00047,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00075,2e-05,7e-05,0.00012,3e-05,0.00028,0.00018,0.00064,0.00014,0.00042,0.00012,0.00016,0.00026,0.00015,0.00042,0.00059,0.00036,0.00036,0.00154,0.00099,0.00117,0.00105,0.00103,0.00091,0.00093,0.00036,0.0004,0.00048,0.00146,0.00074,0.00095,0.00099,0.00182,0.00025,0.0005,0.00032,0.00071,0.0008,0.0003,0.0,0.00033,0.00046,0.00012,7e-05,0.00028,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00028,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00108,0.00132,4e-05,4e-05,0.01393,0.00012,0.00415,0.00851,5e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,0.00072,0.0004,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00324,3e-05,0.00021,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00077,0.0005,0.0006,0.00058,0.0063,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00024,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00119,1e-05,0.0007,0.0,0.00019,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0002,0.00011,0.00032,0.00035,0.00016,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00014,0.00067,0.0007,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00025,0.00019,0.00032,0.00039,0.00025,0.00026,9e-05,0.0002,0.00045,0.00043,0.00026,0.00019,0.0,0.00021,7e-05,0.00023,9e-05,0.00016,0.00023,9e-05,0.00022,0.00021,0.00043,0.00032,0.00016,0.00025,2e-05,0.0003,2e-05,0.00029,7e-05,0.0004,0.00043,0.00019,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0002,0.00022,0.00025,0.00021,3e-05,0.00033,6e-05,0.00035,9e-05,0.00029,9e-05,0.00026,0.00026,0.00023,0.00028,9e-05,8e-05,5e-05,0.00023,4e-05,0.00034,0.00025,0.00012,0.00023,0.00037,6e-05,0.00018,0.00018,6e-05,0.00022,0.00047,0.0002,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,0.00035,0.0003,0.00061,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0009,0.00163,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00091,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00071,0.00101,0.00104,0.00169,9e-05,4e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00031,0.00032,0.00059,0.00045,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00018,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00051,0.0,0.00436,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.003,0.00011,0.0001,7e-05,7e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00193,0.00197,6e-05,0.00011,0.00014,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.00065,0.00151,0.00045,0.00044,2e-05,0.00041,0.00016,4e-05,0.00049,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.00011,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,0.0,0.00044,0.00013,1e-05,0.00079,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0004,0.00048,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00215,0.0,1e-05,0.006,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,7e-05,0.00038,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00046,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254861,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,0.01261,0.00121,0.00119,0.00176,0.00295,0.00694,0.00207,0.00301,0.00066,0.00532,0.00133,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01931,0.08049,0.00112,0.00082,0.0123,0.00808,0.0022,0.00313,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.01215,1e-05,0.01419,8e-05,7e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00024,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00015,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00013,0.0,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00214,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0002,0.00021,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00017,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0053,5e-05,7e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00021,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,7e-05,2e-05,0.00051,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00277,0.0002,0.00142,0.00362,0.00036,0.00049,0.00012,0.0031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00425,0.00123,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00271,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.00013,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.00036,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00197,0.00261,0.00122,0.00314,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00408,0.00203,0.0017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00076,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,7e-05,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00019,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00058,0.00028,0.0004,0.00023,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.00057,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.00025,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00038,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00489,0.0044,0.01477,0.00025,0.00062,0.00128,0.00055,0.00485,0.00028,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00241,5e-05,0.00039,0.00041,0.00298,0.00035,0.0002,0.00243,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00101,0.0007,1e-05,0.00371,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.00038,0.00624,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.00167,0.00283,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00012,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.0001,4e-05,0.00096,0.0078,0.00035,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0016,0.00011,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.00109,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0001,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,8e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.00011,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0004,6e-05,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0041,0.00116,0.00331,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00926,0.00037,0.00152,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.0,2e-05,0.00065,0.00243,0.00094,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00897,0.00197,0.00261,0.00203,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.17614,0.02176,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00468,0.00346,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.00016,0.00011,0.00059,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.00016,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.00012,6e-05,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.02377,7e-05,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00013,4e-05,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00024,0.00773,6e-05,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00018,0.00012,0.00028,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0001,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00543,0.00312,0.00274,0.00294,0.00448,0.00684,0.01853,0.00232,0.00718,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.00036,0.00055,0.00045,0.00018,0.0003,0.0021,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,0.00024,0.00093,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.00013,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.03612,0.00016,0.0,0.00753,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00122,0.00019,0.00012,0.00011,2e-05,7e-05,0.00013,0.0008,0.00015,1e-05,0.00023,0.00016,0.00034,8e-05,0.00025,0.00017,0.00071,0.00013,0.00015,0.00019,0.00013,0.00034,9e-05,0.00067,0.00027,0.00019,0.01036,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.0002,0.00042,0.00666,0.00542,0.00018,0.0002,3e-05,0.00012,0.00022,8e-05,0.00014,6e-05,2e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.02624,5e-05,0.00032,0.05968,0.00029,5e-05,8e-05,0.00012,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,0.00558,0.00614,0.00469,1e-05,0.0,0.00889,0.01107,0.00397,0.0041,0.00233,0.01258,0.00443,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0001,0.00677,0.00125,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.00014,0.00015,0.00011,0.00029,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,0.00023,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00116,0.00803,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00171,0.00135,0.00071,0.00373,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.00071,0.00102,0.00012,0.00053,4e-05,0.0001,0.00048,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00215,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.00023,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,3e-05,9e-05,8e-05,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,6e-05,0.00011,5e-05,7e-05,4e-05,9e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00097,0.00037,2e-05,1e-05,0.00275,5e-05,0.00956,0.01317,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.00069,2e-05,0.00017,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00012,2e-05,5e-05,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00012,0.00017,0.00021,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00016,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,1e-05,3e-05,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0001,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00035,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00014,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00568,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254862,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00129,0.00025,0.00018,0.0002,0.00066,0.00125,0.00061,0.00069,0.00021,0.00181,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00139,0.00324,0.00043,0.0005,0.00056,0.00042,0.00046,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,0.00019,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.00031,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00022,0.00012,1e-05,8e-05,9e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00042,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.00014,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0001,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.00025,2e-05,0.00016,8e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00107,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,4e-05,0.00015,8e-05,0.0,0.00015,0.00013,0.00013,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,8e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,6e-05,5e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,8e-05,0.00014,7e-05,3e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00037,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,7e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,8e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00022,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,0.00013,0.00014,0.00042,0.0,0.00017,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00369,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,1e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,4e-05,0.00011,0.00024,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.00016,0.0,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00016,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00011,8e-05,7e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,8e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.00018,0.00872,7e-05,0.00066,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.00021,0.00026,6e-05,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.00021,0.00014,9e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00016,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00014,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00045,0.00013,0.00039,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00013,3e-05,1e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00165,0.00054,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.00013,3e-05,2e-05,0.0005,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00014,0.00018,5e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00277,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,9e-05,2e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00035,8e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.00011,0.00023,4e-05,4e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00047,1e-05,0.00012,0.00021,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,0.00014,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,9e-05,6e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.00099,0.00134,0.00259,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00019,2e-05,8e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00027,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,2e-05,0.00103,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,2e-05,6e-05,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,9e-05,0.00048,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00038,3e-05,0.00026,6e-05,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00013,3e-05,3e-05,0.00037,0.00014,0.00012,0.00043,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00026,0.00026,8e-05,0.00014,0.00055,0.00013,0.00027,4e-05,0.0002,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00024,8e-05,0.0001,0.00012,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.00015,0.00013,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00407,0.00018,2e-05,0.00027,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,8e-05,0.0,0.00169,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00096,0.00151,0.01164,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.00012,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00012,5e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,8e-05,8e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,4e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.00046,0.00028,0.00044,6e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00015,7e-05,5e-05,4e-05,7e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.0,0.0,9e-05,3e-05,0.00015,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00471,0.00019,0.00015,0.00035,0.00061,0.00387,0.00033,0.00039,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,2e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00034,0.00042,0.00065,0.00045,0.00014,0.0003,0.00139,0.00049,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00019,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00037,0.00021,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00026,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,0.00015,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.00011,5e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.00061,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00064,4e-05,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.00025,1e-05,0.00108,7e-05,2e-05,0.00229,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00014,0.00011,0.00058,0.00119,0.00048,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0231,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00013,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0875,0.10136,0.08473,0.0,0.0,0.09853,0.1744,0.06549,0.05182,0.03986,0.0146,0.05109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.00026,0.00015,2e-05,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,1e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,2e-05,4e-05,0.00017,0.00014,0.00011,0.00031,0.0,0.00018,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00026,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00027,0.00011,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.00029,0.0005,3e-05,3e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.00017,9e-05,0.00012,1e-05,8e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00016,7e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,5e-05,0.00012,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00025,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,0.00012,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,0.00011,9e-05,3e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.00019,0.00033,0.00017,0.00023,0.00023,0.00013,2e-05,8e-05,0.0001,0.0002,0.00025,0.00016,0.00015,0.00033,2e-05,7e-05,8e-05,0.00012,0.00022,8e-05,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00103,0.00047,1e-05,2e-05,0.01263,9e-05,0.00188,0.00403,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00094,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,0.00447,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00013,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.00011,6e-05,0.0001,0.00438,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,9e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,8e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0001,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.00011,2e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,6e-05,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,7e-05,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,4e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,1e-05,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,0.00014,0.00026,1e-05,0.00038,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00011,0.0001,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,9e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.00021,3e-05,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00014,0.0,6e-05,0.00017,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0003,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00014,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.00104,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-43.2075,-22.90278
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254863,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.02188,3e-05,0.00082,0.00028,5e-05,0.00014,3e-05,0.00129,0.00016,0.00011,0.0001,7e-05,0.00078,0.00014,0.00035,0.00116,0.00012,0.00027,0.00032,0.00029,0.0012,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,0.00104,0.0103,0.93001,0.00124,0.00138,0.0,0.00043,0.01282,0.00012,0.00027,5e-05,0.00025,0.0006,0.00012,0.0001,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00152,6e-05,0.0001,9e-05,9e-05,6e-05,8e-05,8e-05,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H2NYMCCXY_SL254864,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0001,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00107,2e-05,0.0,0.00013,8e-05,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.18607,0.00053,0.0,0.00253,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0008,6e-05,0.00043,9e-05,0.0,0.00012,3e-05,0.0,0.00093,7e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00226,0.0001,7e-05,3e-05,9e-05,9e-05,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00155,3e-05,4e-05,9e-05,0.00065,3e-05,0.0007,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00162,0.00013,4e-05,0.01087,5e-05,0.00071,0.00275,0.0189,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.02809,0.00121,0.0,0.67094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,2e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.03595,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00671,3e-05,7e-05,3e-05,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,3e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00119,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00178,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00302,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,9e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.00039,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00656,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-147.71639,64.83778
haib17CEM4890_H3KHWCCXY_SL263276,0.0,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00025,0.0,0.00021,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00068,0.0007,0.0005,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0106,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00045,0.00014,0.0,0.00017,0.00023,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00118,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.00081,0.0,0.0006,0.00038,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00073,0.0,0.00025,0.00048,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.00042,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.00043,0.0004,0.00023,0.00103,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00036,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00021,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00012,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00023,0.00024,0.00073,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,6e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0013,0.00064,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0002,0.00061,0.00037,0.0,0.00054,0.00073,0.00142,0.00047,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00051,0.00042,0.00034,0.00031,0.00042,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0024,0.00164,0.00151,0.0046,0.00154,0.00174,0.00492,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00154,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00091,0.0201,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0004,0.00049,0.0,0.00033,0.00075,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.00031,0.0003,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00088,0.00093,0.0,0.00076,0.00025,0.0,0.00016,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00113,0.0,0.0,0.00041,9e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00063,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0002,0.0001,0.0002,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00023,0.0,0.00079,0.0,0.00019,0.00139,0.00019,0.00041,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00019,0.00016,0.00011,0.0,0.00032,0.0005,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00024,0.0,0.00044,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.00028,0.0,0.00025,0.00046,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00201,0.00194,0.00209,0.07335,0.00026,0.00196,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00119,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0004,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.0,0.00139,0.00351,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0003,0.0,0.00442,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00166,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.00118,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00028,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00238,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00239,0.00152,0.00065,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,8e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00122,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0003,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.00079,0.0,0.00508,0.00292,0.00073,0.00129,0.01171,0.00543,0.0021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.0,0.00056,0.0004,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00134,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00216,0.00587,0.00056,0.00081,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0002,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00136,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00127,0.01898,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00014,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.00021,0.00052,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.00324,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00116,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00379,0.00118,0.00083,0.00476,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00164,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.00237,0.00204,0.00095,0.00076,0.00089,0.0026,0.00098,0.00124,0.00051,0.00066,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00114,0.00119,0.00085,0.00088,0.0,0.0011,0.00104,0.00098,0.00125,0.00098,0.00094,0.00064,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00256,6e-05,0.0,0.00121,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00088,0.00062,0.0,0.00271,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00261,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00194,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.00036,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00184,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00167,0.001,0.00227,0.00048,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00073,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00079,0.0004,0.01418,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01185,0.0,0.0011,0.00131,0.00044,0.00077,0.00022,0.00041,0.01038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00045,0.00055,0.0,0.00038,0.00084,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00056,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00033,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0002,0.00038,0.00157,0.00208,0.0,0.00024,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00023,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00109,0.00026,0.00011,0.00029,0.0,0.00024,0.0007,0.0,0.00023,0.00053,0.00096,0.00032,0.00033,0.00019,0.00039,0.00018,0.00289,0.00978,0.00055,0.00025,0.0,0.00166,0.00012,0.00061,0.00034,0.00031,0.0054,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00029,0.00034,0.00045,0.0014,0.02215,0.00029,0.00784,0.0003,0.00038,0.00014,0.0,0.0001,0.00025,0.00029,0.00024,0.0,0.00033,0.00016,0.00013,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00033,0.00029,0.00133,0.00422,0.0,0.00022,0.00026,0.00061,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.00037,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00078,0.0,0.00188,0.00077,9e-05,0.0,0.00068,0.0,0.0,0.00124,0.00041,0.0,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00036,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00125,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00144,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00103,0.0,0.00087,0.0015,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00439,0.0,0.00024,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.26929,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.00011,0.00014,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0015,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0003,0.0,0.00066,0.00034,0.00065,0.00039,0.00102,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00023,0.00125,0.00044,0.00033,0.00066,0.00171,0.00162,0.00119,0.0017,0.00207,0.00127,0.00084,0.00017,0.0,0.00025,0.00201,0.0011,0.00066,0.00119,0.00464,0.00023,0.00058,0.00079,0.00074,0.00098,0.00021,0.0,0.00079,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00046,0.0031,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00096,0.00212,0.0,0.0,0.0033,0.00082,0.00052,0.00109,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00028,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00488,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00052,0.0,0.00018,0.00292,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00239,0.00139,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00462,6e-05,0.00126,0.0,0.00218,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.00051,0.0,0.00176,0.0003,0.00106,0.00014,0.00017,0.00014,0.00027,0.00178,0.00422,0.00219,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.00904,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00017,9e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00037,0.00027,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00269,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0313,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01881,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.00226,0.00603,0.00193,0.00137,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00011,0.00041,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-8.61099,41.14961
haib17CEM4890_H3KHWCCXY_SL263277,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00029,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.00195,0.00019,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00019,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00121,8e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,9e-05,6e-05,0.00011,2e-05,1e-05,5e-05,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00221,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00119,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.00056,3e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,2e-05,1e-05,3e-05,2e-05,5e-05,4e-05,0.00014,1e-05,1e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00019,0.00099,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00037,0.00094,0.00095,0.00013,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,0.00037,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00028,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.02625,0.00027,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00044,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,3e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0001,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00219,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,5e-05,0.0003,0.00155,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00039,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,5e-05,0.00016,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00148,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00011,5e-05,4e-05,0.00027,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,7e-05,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0036,7e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,0.00227,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.80808,9e-05,0.00013,5e-05,6e-05,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00999,0.0,6e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00022,5e-05,2e-05,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.00041,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00033,0.00012,0.00052,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,2e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.00015,1e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,9e-05,3e-05,0.00041,1e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00018,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,2e-05,9e-05,0.00011,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.00055,0.00281,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.06542,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,6e-05,5e-05,6e-05,4e-05,5e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00353,0.0,3e-05,0.0034,0.00028,0.0018,0.00089,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00044,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00108,0.0,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00026,0.00013,4e-05,5e-05,0.00303,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00021,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,5e-05,0.00014,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00061,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00253,0.00011,0.00146,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00101,0.00042,3e-05,0.00029,0.00038,0.00021,1e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.00022,0.00055,0.00032,0.00051,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00143,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00179,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-8.61099,41.14961
haib17CEM4890_H3KHWCCXY_SL263278,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00066,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00077,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.00041,0.00034,0.00145,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.01113,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00166,8e-05,0.0,0.00029,0.00025,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00817,0.00012,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00183,0.0,0.00035,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.00079,0.00037,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00048,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,6e-05,0.00031,0.0003,0.00032,0.00012,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.00026,0.00026,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00061,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0007,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00046,0.00053,0.00028,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00126,0.0019,0.00168,0.0008,0.00046,0.0017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.00698,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.00069,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.00043,0.0,0.00963,0.00106,0.00402,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00023,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0017,0.0,0.00071,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.00016,0.00023,0.0,0.00015,0.00014,0.0,0.00021,0.00021,0.0,0.00022,0.00025,0.001,0.00353,0.00042,0.0,0.0001,0.00012,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00052,0.00103,0.00091,0.00024,0.0,0.00033,0.00054,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00032,0.00122,0.0,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00025,0.0,0.20739,0.00048,0.00373,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00575,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00525,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.00134,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.00241,0.00161,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00103,0.00337,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00022,0.0,0.00059,0.00053,0.0,0.00022,0.00152,0.00082,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00254,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00382,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00266,0.00036,0.00294,0.00285,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00038,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.01343,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00133,0.00126,0.00052,0.00013,4e-05,0.00018,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.00023,0.0,0.00049,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0003,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0135,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00024,0.0,0.00131,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0108,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00087,0.0003,0.00032,0.00133,0.00984,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00056,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00924,0.00249,0.0,0.00024,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00125,0.0,0.0001,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.00043,0.0,0.00012,8e-05,0.0,0.0018,0.00017,0.0,0.00058,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00026,0.0004,0.00058,0.0,0.00023,0.00276,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00014,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00018,0.00014,0.00113,0.00109,0.00227,0.0,0.00054,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00027,0.00021,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00088,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00057,0.00031,0.00196,6e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00012,6e-05,0.00028,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00588,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00158,0.0,0.0004,0.00026,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00026,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00304,0.0015,0.0,0.003,0.00346,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00155,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.33638,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.00118,0.00029,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0001,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.00056,0.0016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00131,0.00032,0.00039,0.00026,0.00037,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00011,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00387,0.00186,0.0,0.0,0.01812,0.00122,0.00238,0.01065,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.00184,0.00111,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.00312,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.00028,0.00034,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00075,0.0,0.0002,0.00179,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00059,0.00012,0.00134,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00548,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01101,0.00034,0.01195,0.0,0.00187,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00395,0.00139,0.00011,0.00761,0.0068,0.00079,0.00081,0.00023,0.00022,0.0015,0.00175,0.00306,0.00687,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00139,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00056,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.00014,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00067,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00799,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00573,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.00258,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,0.00018,0.00159,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-8.61099,41.14961
haib17CEM4890_H3KHWCCXY_SL263279,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.00015,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,3e-05,0.00113,0.00015,5e-05,5e-05,0.00045,0.00686,0.00053,2e-05,1e-05,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00078,0.00083,0.00014,3e-05,0.00025,0.00031,0.00013,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00044,0.00891,0.00018,0.00034,9e-05,0.0,0.0028,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.00029,0.0,0.00031,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00035,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,8e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.00166,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,5e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,5e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00011,1e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,5e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,5e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.00028,0.00023,0.00012,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,6e-05,8e-05,3e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.00072,0.00057,0.00088,0.00019,3e-05,0.00092,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.00132,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.00157,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.00042,1e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,4e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00109,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,9e-05,0.00023,0.0,7e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0002,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.00014,9e-05,0.00022,0.00262,8e-05,0.00086,0.00029,0.0,0.00016,6e-05,0.00042,0.00029,0.0002,0.00011,0.0002,0.00059,0.00024,0.00091,6e-05,0.00016,0.00032,0.00025,0.00199,0.00242,0.00116,0.0,0.0001,0.00036,0.00033,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00018,2e-05,0.00017,0.00134,0.00332,0.00065,0.00058,0.00011,0.00018,0.00151,7e-05,0.0002,8e-05,0.00039,0.00485,0.00011,0.00046,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,5e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,8e-05,0.0001,0.21215,0.00114,0.00753,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,1e-05,6e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00324,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00013,0.0,9e-05,0.0,1e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00184,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.00143,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.00015,2e-05,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.00299,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,5e-05,0.0,8e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.00011,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00298,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00279,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00047,0.00026,0.00187,0.0014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00022,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,2e-05,0.0006,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00057,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0003,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.00231,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00066,0.00044,0.00026,3e-05,0.00167,0.00017,9e-05,0.00013,1e-05,2e-05,0.00046,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0002,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00011,7e-05,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.00021,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,5e-05,0.0001,0.0003,0.0,1e-05,0.00013,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,9e-05,0.0001,5e-05,2e-05,1e-05,0.00019,3e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.00036,0.0001,0.00014,8e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0001,6e-05,0.00012,0.00018,0.00012,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.02419,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,0.00013,0.00017,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.01339,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,8e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.00011,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.44888,0.00039,0.00026,0.0002,0.00045,0.00151,6e-05,8e-05,9e-05,3e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0001,0.00011,2e-05,5e-05,5e-05,5e-05,3e-05,0.00019,0.00015,0.00032,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00021,1e-05,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00022,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.00029,5e-05,5e-05,0.00012,6e-05,0.00296,6e-05,1e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00018,0.00046,0.00029,3e-05,0.00021,0.0023,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.00034,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.00023,7e-05,0.00019,0.00102,0.00083,0.00159,0.0,0.00041,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.00112,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00017,0.00014,5e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0003,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.00016,2e-05,4e-05,2e-05,2e-05,4e-05,0.00105,0.00313,5e-05,3e-05,4e-05,0.00047,2e-05,0.00014,4e-05,4e-05,0.00046,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,9e-05,0.00048,0.00021,0.00161,6e-05,8e-05,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.0,6e-05,3e-05,0.00017,5e-05,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,7e-05,0.00012,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,4e-05,2e-05,0.0001,7e-05,1e-05,0.00109,8e-05,0.0,5e-05,8e-05,0.00018,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.00011,0.00021,0.00012,2e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0001,3e-05,6e-05,3e-05,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,8e-05,0.00018,4e-05,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0001,0.0,5e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,9e-05,9e-05,0.00011,0.00016,0.0,2e-05,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,7e-05,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,8e-05,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.00086,0.0,0.00239,0.00424,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.00012,7e-05,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.01515,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,2e-05,0.00011,9e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.00017,6e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00011,0.00012,0.0,3e-05,0.0,7e-05,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,7e-05,6e-05,0.00011,9e-05,6e-05,7e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,7e-05,5e-05,5e-05,6e-05,0.00016,0.0,1e-05,3e-05,6e-05,8e-05,4e-05,0.0,7e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,3e-05,0.00114,0.00776,4e-05,4e-05,0.02186,0.00074,0.00234,0.00988,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.00052,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,4e-05,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.00132,4e-05,9e-05,0.0,0.00013,7e-05,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0005,0.00027,5e-05,0.00011,0.00104,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00026,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,4e-05,0.00016,0.00058,0.00011,0.00093,6e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.00238,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00977,0.00036,0.00581,0.0,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00319,0.00133,0.0002,0.00145,0.00145,0.00083,0.00013,0.00016,0.00013,0.0008,0.00146,0.00052,0.00134,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,0.0002,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,7e-05,2e-05,6e-05,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00231,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00149,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,7e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,8e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,8e-05,2e-05,0.00317,6e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,0.0,2e-05,0.0,3e-05,2e-05,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00075,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,6e-05,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,4e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.00318,3e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,1e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,2e-05,7e-05,0.00028,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-8.61099,41.14961
haib17CEM4890_H3KHWCCXY_SL263280,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00144,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.00026,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00825,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.00102,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.00026,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0004,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00345,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.00274,0.00183,0.00175,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.00029,0.00117,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.00102,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00058,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.00075,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.0,0.00096,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,8e-05,0.00017,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00205,0.00115,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.00142,0.00078,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00096,0.00123,0.0008,0.0,0.00069,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00064,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.00086,0.00047,0.00078,0.001,0.00122,0.00079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00154,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00152,0.0,0.00188,0.00046,0.00199,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.03732,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0011,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.0013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.00129,0.00055,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00086,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00479,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.00164,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00167,0.00025,0.00018,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.00061,0.00398,0.00034,0.0,0.0,0.00024,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00109,0.00096,0.00026,0.0,0.00032,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.00058,0.0,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00065,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.00098,0.00086,0.25851,0.00049,0.00308,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00204,0.0,0.0035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.00119,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.00159,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00047,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00339,0.0,0.00171,0.00073,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.0,0.01166,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00111,0.0,0.00022,0.0,0.0002,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00183,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00115,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,5e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00062,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00048,0.00044,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00185,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00331,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00337,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00107,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00056,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00264,0.00241,0.0,0.00125,0.0089,0.00388,0.0018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00106,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00152,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0005,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00209,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00779,0.00089,0.00316,0.00148,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00135,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00045,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00166,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00131,0.0254,0.0,0.0002,0.0,0.0,0.00049,0.00023,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00089,0.0002,0.00029,0.0003,0.0,0.00067,0.00056,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00195,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00069,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00136,0.00099,0.00118,0.00214,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00371,0.00274,0.00131,0.0007,0.0008,0.00385,0.00102,0.0028,0.0,0.00097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.00075,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.0,0.00083,0.00126,0.00075,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.01425,0.00116,0.00033,0.00255,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00208,0.00082,0.0,0.00619,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00435,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00121,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00407,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00105,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00038,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00095,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00037,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00218,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0004,0.0,0.00025,0.00088,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00347,0.00158,0.00375,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00108,0.00397,0.003,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.0,0.00096,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.0,0.00229,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00171,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.00126,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.00033,0.00138,0.0,0.0003,0.00215,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00156,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00323,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00101,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00092,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00055,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.00097,0.0,6e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00036,0.00022,0.00073,0.0,0.00011,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00074,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00099,0.0,0.00036,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00043,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00199,0.00128,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00369,0.0,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.00082,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.0,0.00252,0.0,0.00048,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00028,0.00023,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00031,0.0,0.0,0.00287,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00015,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00193,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0008,0.00108,0.0,0.00052,0.0,0.0,0.0013,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00039,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00165,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.00072,0.0,0.0,0.00083,0.0,0.0,0.00122,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00159,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.00019,0.00059,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00033,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00084,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00277,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00029,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00163,0.00239,0.0,0.00185,0.00141,0.0,0.00077,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,9e-05,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00549,0.0,0.0,0.00066,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00094,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00129,0.0,0.00016,0.00026,0.00016,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00063,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00041,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00117,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00053,0.00081,0.00097,0.0,0.00071,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00071,0.00085,0.0,0.00118,0.0013,0.00375,0.00314,0.00315,0.0049,0.00285,0.0024,0.00056,0.00073,0.00107,0.00604,0.00263,0.00178,0.00388,0.00901,0.00065,0.00102,0.00148,0.00186,0.00194,0.0,0.0,0.00167,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00077,0.00091,0.00053,0.00227,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00085,0.003,0.0,0.0,0.01345,0.00021,0.0017,0.00367,0.0,0.00021,0.0,0.0,0.00034,0.00092,0.00014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00208,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00012,0.0,0.0,0.00157,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00061,0.00064,0.0008,0.00077,0.00195,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00057,0.0006,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00032,0.0,0.00028,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00166,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00309,0.00021,0.00344,0.0,0.00049,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00137,0.0003,0.0,0.00063,0.00121,0.00066,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.00049,0.00092,0.009,0.00188,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00053,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00051,0.0,0.02209,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0003,0.00035,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00433,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00025,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.07404,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.03669,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0009,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00054,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.001,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00018,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00042,0.0,0.0,0.00257,0.00067,0.00124,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00093,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00013,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00076,0.0,0.0,0.0014,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.00027,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,-8.61099,41.14961
